NICE, France — A red ambulance, its lights flashing, sped down the road and jerked to a stop. The driver jumped out, asking, “Where are the wounded?”“We only have dead here,” replied two men, trying to comfort a young man who was weeping over the body of his mother and imploring Allah to accept her into heaven.An eerie tableau of death and dying extended along a mile-long stretch of the graceful, crescent-shaped Promenade des Anglais on Thursday night, running from Nice’s airport to the oldest part of the coastal city.One moment, there was a great street celebration for France’s Bastille Day holiday — and the next, a truck came barreling through at high speed, leaving a trail of bodies, shock and despair through a French Riviera fiesta.Among the first people killed by the speeding truck on the sidewalk next to Lenval Beach was the middle-aged Muslim woman. Two of her sons and other family members stood, weeping or frozen in stunned silence, around her body, which was covered in a pale blue tartan blanket.Nearby there was another victim, an unidentified man sprawled on the sidewalk next to the beach beneath a bloodied sheet.The evening had been filled with bangs and flashes of light as fireworks displays rolled along France’s southern coast, drawing cheers from delighted families whose main worry for much of the day had been whether rain might force the cancellation of the celebration.This was not a military base, or a guarded government building. It was simply a crowd celebrating in the street. Like the fans at the Bataclan, gunned down in Paris during a concert; or the newspaper staff of Charlie Hebdo; or the people blown up outside the airport in Turkey.This time, all it took was a murderous driver and a massive truck. Witnesses said the truck had entered the Promenade des Anglais from a side street near the Foundation Lenval children’s hospital, turned left and mounted the sidewalk opposite a row of balconied seaside villas and apartment buildings.The driver then drove deeper into the city, mowing down victim after victim as the truck plowed through increasingly dense crowds of revelers.Pierre Roux, whose apartment faces the sea, said he had first thought that the truck was simply out of control. But then he noticed that the lights were off and there was no honking.“Nobody in the way stood a chance,” he said.He had come out of his apartment early Friday to place a burning candle on a white sheet covering a body that was unattended.As he spoke, heavily armed police officers sealed off a widening perimeter of the city.Simon Cotteridge, who also lives along the promenade, said he had been watching the fireworks. Just after the display ended, he said, there was “a tremendous thud.”He wondered if it had been some sort of coda to the fireworks show, or perhaps an accident. But then, he said, he saw a dozen bodies on the pavement — and a big crowd of people “running and screaming.”“It was horrific,” Mr. Cotteridge said.
“The global economy remains stuck in a deflationary expansion of minimal growth and minimal rates,” Merrill Lynch wrote in a note to investors on Monday. “And electorates are increasingly voting in the developed world against wage deflation, high unemployment, immigration and inequality.”The historic fall in oil prices has created a pileup of inventories, much of it stashed in tanks in the U.S. and other industrialized countries that are committed to disclosing the latest tally, but millions of barrels of oil are flowing to locations outside the scope of industry trackers.Some countries, such as Russia and China, choose not to report their oil-storage levels. And traders and oil companies that park supertankers have no obligation to make public their supply. Keeping track of inventories has become more complicated as developing countries store and consume more oil.Singapore, home to one of the world’s busiest ports and the Asian headquarters of many big oil-trading firms, is one country befuddling analysts. The waterways surrounding the island nation have become home to one of the world’s biggest oil-storage sites. But it is unclear how much oil is in the tankers anchored there.They hope Mr. Erdogan will recognize that many of his political opponents vociferously opposed the coup and will react by slowing his campaign to concentrate power in the presidency. But as thousands of people alleged to have been sympathetic to the coup plotters are rounded up, it is a hope rather than an expectation.“Erdogan’s instinct and priority will now be to clamp down on dissent and consolidate power,” said Mujtaba Rahman, Europe director for the Eurasia Group consultancy.Donald Tusk, who presides over gatherings of European Union leaders, summed up the issue from an EU perspective. “The key question will be what kind of Turkey comes out from this crisis. How Turkey manages to come out of and deal with the consequences will be crucial not just for Turkey, but the whole region and EU-Turkey relations,” he said.In her reaction, German Chancellor Angela Merkel specifically mentioned the political opposition to Mr. Erdogan’s government. “We are guided by solidarity with all political forces in government and the opposition,” she said.Manfred Weber, a Merkel ally and leader of her party grouping in the European Parliament, on Sunday said, “The Turkish government must now refrain from actions that would lead the country further away from Europe.” Turkey and the EU had an interest, he said, in a close partnership in fields such as economic growth and migration.But the EU may need Turkey more than the other way round. Marc Pierini, a former EU ambassador in Turkey until 2011, said the West needed Mr. Erdogan forfighting Islamic State andhalting migration to Europe.Sinan Ulgen, a Turkish politics expert with the Carnegie Europe think tank, said “the EU political reflex is to talk about values, but values at this point don’t matter much. There is no real obligation from Erdogan to change course.”The EU in March agreed to a deal with Turkey that secures its help in keeping refugees inside Turkey in return for aid, an advance in negotiations over Turkish entry into the EU and visa liberalization for Turkish citizens wanting to travel to the EU. But some governments, led by France, are very reluctant to lift the current visa requirements, negotiations over which will come to a head in October.The response to the coup “has to complicate cooperation with Europe over refugees, as it’ll give more voice to already squeamish constituencies in the EU about closer ties with Turkey, said Mr. Rahman of the Eurasia Group. “Keeping the union united on an agreement to liberalize visas for Turkish nationals in October is now going be much harder to achieve,” he said.European Union governments are preparing for tough talks with incoming British Prime Minister Theresa May over the terms of the U.K.’s departure from the bloc.During her six-year term as U.K. home secretary, Ms. May built a reputation as a steely negotiator in her regular meetings in Brussels, particularly on migration and security issues.Diplomats who witnessed her interactions with EU interior ministers describe her as “very tough and to the point,” particularly on issues affecting her own country, a senior EU diplomat said. “She was always able to get out of the EU what’s most useful for the U.K.,” one of the diplomats said.“May is a driven politician with a lot of policy knowledge. As interior minister she joined us in pushing the cart of European cooperation,” Belgian Interior Minister Jan Jambon wrote on his Twitter account late Monday.In Berlin, where Ms. May is known as a persistent and no-nonsense negotiator, she is already being compared with her future counterpart, German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Both are the daughters of Protestant clerics, Ms. May of an Anglican vicar and Ms. Merkel a Lutheran pastor.“Both are not vain, they don’t place their persons center stage but the issue,” said Hans-Peter Friedrich, a former German interior minister who met with Ms. May in numerous meetings while he held the post from 2011 to 2013. He described himself as “a big Theresa May fan.”Ms. May “is simply a politician who knows what she wants, who is very consistent in everything she does, and uses clear language,” he added.“She will be a tough negotiating partner for the EU and get the maximum for Great Britain,” Mr. Friedrich said. “This is a difficulty for us because we of course must make completely clear that there is a difference between being in the EU and being outside it.”Ms. Merkel doesn’t know Ms. May personally, a person close to her said. At a reception for the Berlin diplomatic corps on Monday evening, Ms. Merkel reiterated the red line for any future EU-U.K. relationship—freedom of movement of workers.“The United Kingdom must quickly clarify how it wants to shape its future relationship with the European Union,” Ms. Merkel said. “Whoever wants free access to the European single market must in return accept all of the basic freedoms, including the free movement of people.”On Tuesday, the German chancellor said it was up to Ms. May’s government to decide when to give official notice of its intention to leave the bloc as required under Article 50 of the EU treaties, and start exit negotiations.“It’s certainly important that in this context we will get clarity over which relations Britain wants to build up with the European Union because the negotiations are connected to this,” she said at a news conference with visiting Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny.In Paris, Ms. May has established “excellent cooperation” with France’s interior minister, Bernard Cazeneuve, who “has a lot of respect for her,” particularly on counterterrorism initiatives that France pushed for at the EU following the terror attacks in 2015, a French diplomat said.Ms. May has said she intends to take her time before starting the two-year period of negotiations over the terms of the U.K.’s divorce from the EU.BEIJING—A few days before Britons voted to leave the European Union, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang visited the central bank’s monetary-policy department to make a simple point: The yuan must be kept stable.That came on the heels of a meeting at China’s top securities watchdog, where officials emphasized that China’s market turmoil last summer must not be repeated this year, according to people close to the agency. That directive will now be put to the test.China is on the receiving end of global market turbulence triggered by the “Brexit” shock. And no part of its financial system is more vulnerable than the yuan, already the subject of a precarious central-bank high-wire act.The growing financial links between China and the world were on full display twice in the past year, when first the stock crash and then a surprise currency devaluation sent shock waves through global markets.Early Monday, the PBOC set the yuan’s official rate—known as the fix— at 6.6375 to the dollar, a 0.91% drop from Friday’s fix and the biggest drop since August’s devaluation. But it is only 0.34% weaker than where the yuan ended in Friday trading as the dollar surged. The yuan is allowed to move up and down 2% of the fix in mainland trading.The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index dropped 1.3% Friday, compared with the 6.8% stock fall in Germany, 8% slide in France and the more than 12% declines in Greece, Spain and Italy. The Shanghai benchmark was down a further 0.5% early Monday.Many of China’s large state-owned banks in the past several days have cautioned customers about heightened risks in trading of currencies and gold as a result of market mayhem following the U.K.’s vote.Late Friday, China’s central bank issued a brief statement saying it has plans in place to withstand any shock from the Brexit vote. International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Largarde called the statement “very helpful and very reassuring.”Speaking at the IMF headquarters in Washington on Friday,Zhou Xiaochuan, governor of the People’s Bank of China, said China is in talks with the IMF, global central banks and other authorities to “safeguard financial market stability.”China’s lines of defense include restrictions on money flowing in and out of the country, a large, albeit dwindling, stockpile of dollar reserves that can be used to prop up the Chinese currency and otherwise buttress the financial system, a relatively low level of foreign debt and room for further easing to bolster growth.Officials at the China Securities Regulatory Commission pledged at their meeting on June 17 to “protect the markets” over the next two months, the people with knowledge of the gathering said. Foreign investors have limited access to stocks traded in the mainland, while Chinese individuals’ abilities to buy foreign stocks are also tightly controlled.Beijing’s tougher task is how to continue its strategy of letting some air out of the yuan without triggering cash outflows and market instability. Analysts estimated as much as $1 trillion streamed out of China in 2015. China recently tightened controls on companies and individuals trying to move money out. UBS Group AG estimates that outflows dropped to about $40 billion a month recently from more than $150 billion a month in December and January.In recent months, the central bank has sought to make China’s exchange-rate regime more predictable and shift the focus away from how the yuan trades against the dollar to its value against a broader group of 13 currencies.That’s because membership in the European Union, which British voters rejected, is founded on four freedoms guaranteed to EU citizens and firms: free movement of goods, of capital and of people, along with the right to offer services and establish businesses anywhere in the union. As the EU leaders reiterated on Wednesday, after their first meeting that excluded the U.K. from their conversations, access to the EU market “requires acceptance of all four EU freedoms — including freedom of movement. There can be no single market à la carte.”Leaders of the Brexit movement have said they want access to the market without allowing free movement of people onto British shores. But that cafeteria approach, allowing the U.K. to pick and choose the ingredients of a new relationship, is off the table. This can hardly be surprising; if the EU were to cave in to this demand, many other countries would immediately insist on getting their own customized deals. The great achievement of the single European market would quickly unravel.According to the poll by Deloitte, more than four out of five CFOs expect to cut hiring and discretionary spending in the next year.David Sproul, senior partner and chief executive of Deloitte, said: “The outcome of the EU referendum has triggered a sharp, negative response from the corporate sector.”While the speedy appointment of Theresa May as prime minister had reduced uncertainty, he said a vision for the UK’s future relationship with the EU should be set out for further stability and reassurance.Elsewhere, retailers reported a drop in shoppers on the high street in the week after the referendum, compared with the same period last year.While footfall figures for high streets, shopping centres and retail parks have been up in the first week of June, they finished the month 2.8% lower than the same period last year. This is the deepest decline since February 2014.Poor weather may have played a part, said Helen Dickinson, chief executive of the British Retail Consortium. She added: “June has [also] seen many distractions, from Euro 2016 to Wimbledon, so heading out to the shops seems to have slipped down the priority list for many.”Almost four weeks have passed since Britain voted to leave the EU, and those who wanted to remain in it are having trouble accepting the result. They feel bereft. They feel that they were defeated by underhand means. They feel that those who voted for Brexit were uneducated and didn’t really understand what they were doing.There is a nasty undercurrent of disdain, bordering on contempt, to all this angst. Many of those on the losing side of the referendum debate appear to actively want the economy to slide into recession in order to teach the 52% a lesson.Let’s be clear. The economy is fragile. It was slowing down even before the referendum date was fixed and it is ill-prepared for the shock of Brexit. The UK has a budget deficit of 4% of GDP, a balance of payments deficit of 7% of GDP and the worst recent productivity record of any G7 country bar Italy. The idea that George Osborne “fixed the roof while the sun was shining” is fatuous.What’s more, it is easy to sketch out the reasons why things are going to be difficult. Traditionally, investment is the swing factor in any economic cycle. When businesses are upbeat about the future, they spend more on new kit, boosting national output.None of this is a surprise. The notion that the economy would struggle after a leave vote was strongly argued during the referendum campaign, but did not carry the day. Hence the view that those who voted for Brexit didn’t understand what was at stake.Yet the evidence suggests that many of those who voted to leave knew that there would be a short-term hit to the economy, but decided that they were willing to take the risk. They weighed up the pros and cons – as did US investment banks, the CBI and universities – but came up with a different answer.A speech given last week by Andy Haldane, the chief economist at the Bank, helps explain why so many people were unmoved by George Osborne’s argument that the UK would be voting for a DIY recession if the country opted for Brexit. On a visit to Nottingham, Haldane said he was struck by the fact that for many people, the recession that followed the financial crisis of 2008 had never ended. When he talked about economic recovery, he was stopped in his tracks by a “forest of furrowed brows”. The message was simple: there had been no recovery. As Haldane went on to explain, this was not a case of false consciousness.The economic facts are plain: the economy is simply not delivering for millions of people.Earnings are 7% above where they were when the recession ended in 2009, but still 5% below the peak once rising prices are taken into account. This is the longest period of flat or falling real wages since the mid 19th century.UK national wealth, measured by the value of assets such as property and pensions, has increased by an impressive sounding £3tn since 2009, but the gains have been skewed towards those who owned their own homes or had sizeable pension pots.Only in two UK regions of the UK, London and the south-east, is GDP per head higher than it was before the recession. Everywhere else, it is lower – strikingly so in some parts of the country. In essence, the referendum divided Britain between those who were doing well out of the status quo and those who weren’t. The latter group wanted change and appear to be willing to risk a recession to get it.And change there has certainly been. Osborne has been fired, his ludicrous idea of a post-Brexit “punishment” budget has been scrapped, and the idea of balancing the budget by the end of the parliament rightly abandoned. The Treasury has been told to put growth before deficit reduction, a change of tack that is long overdue, and will have to work with a business department that has the crafting of an industrial strategy as part of its remit. A stimulus package will be announced by the Bank next month.Brexit has also forced the rest of the EU to have a rethink, with a debate under way between those who think that the response should be a drive for closer integration and a more powerful group, which believes that the dream of political union is dead in the water. As in the UK, budgetary rules will be loosened, and not before time.None of this should disguise the enormity of the challenges ahead. But Britain’s economy is dysfunctional and needs to be fixed. The same applies to the eurozone, only more so. Brexit provides an opportunity to try alternatives to failed policies. There is no guarantee that this opportunity will be seized. However, when the remainers talk of themselves as a persecuted minority and embrace the idea of recession with such relish, they should be aware of how they might sound to the people that Haldane spoke to in Nottingham: pampered, vindictive and unable to accept that they lost.The United Kingdom’s new prime minister is off to a dazzling start. The shrewd and unpretentious Theresa May, who since 2010 had served as home secretary in David Cameron’s government, has found herself thrust into the spotlight after the turmoil that followed the Brexit bombshell. She quickly emerged as the last Tory standing for her party’s leadership after Cameron’s abrupt resignation. As the Conservative Party was about to descend into internecine strife—fleshing out the wildest dreams of the screenwriters of both House of Cards and Game of Thrones—May was hailed as a “safe pair of hands” who could unite her party and her country. A low-key Remain campaigner herself, she beat her Leave rivals, who either backstabbed one another or self-destructed within days, with remarkable ease simply by promising that “Brexit means Brexit.”The woman who warned in 2002 that voters saw the Tories as “the nasty party” showed off both her political acumen and a ruthless streak as she briskly moved to appoint her new cabinet. On the domestic front, by appointing her trusted friend and fellow Remain campaigner Philip Hammond to the Treasury, she initiated a shift in economic policy, away from her predecessor’s harsh austerity policies, in order to deal with the post-Brexit chilling effect.With Cameron out of the picture, and having unceremoniously sacked his sidekick Chancellor George Osborne and Brexit frenemy Michael Gove, May also put paid to the Tories’ so-calledchumocracy. In one masterstroke, she ended the cliquey Whitehall reign of the posh boys hailing from London’s Notting Hill set.On the international front, May cunningly filled the main cabinet jobs dealing with foreign affairs and implementing the United Kingdom’s actual exit from the EU with committed Leave campaigners. By putting Boris Johnson at the Foreign Office, makingDavid Davis the new Secretary for Leaving the EU, and installingLiam Fox as the new Secretary for International Trade, May is putting the burden of delivering on their often wildly unrealistic promises squarely on the Leavers. She even promoted her leadership rival and darling of the Leave campaign, Andrea Leadsom, to Environment Secretary, in charge of untying the unruly post-EU labyrinth of farm subsidies and fish quotas. However, by vowing not to hold new elections, ruling out a second referendum, and promising to invoke Article 50 to leave the European Union by the turn of the year, May has also made it clear that she respects the democratic outcome of the referendum on June 23. In other words, the United Kingdom has reached a point of no return and, just like her Tory predecessor Margaret Thatcher, this lady is not for turning.After her visit to the Queen at Buckingham Palace, May first spoke as Prime Minister on the steps of 10 Downing Street. Just like Thatcher, who famously quoted St. Francis of Assisi on entering the building on May 4, 1979, she offered to bring harmony where there was discord and hope where there was despair. The new prime minister promised to fight the country’s “burning injustice” and declared herself on “a mission to make Britain a country that works for everyone,” rather than just the privileged few.Although many Anglo-Saxon policymakers, academics, and observersare still in denial about the outcome of the Brexit referendum, and insist that a departure from the EU will never actually come to pass, the new May cabinet is creating facts on the ground that will make it almost impossible to renege on its promises. But whether the government opts for a Brexit-Lite, which would maintain much of the status quo, or a Brexit-Heavy, which would fundamentally alter the UK’s economic and political relationship with the EU, there are serious problems.The Affordable Care Act is the most important health care legislation enacted in the United States since the creation of Medicare and Medicaid in 1965. The law implemented comprehensive reforms designed to improve the accessibility, affordability, and quality of health care.To review the factors influencing the decision to pursue health reform, summarize evidence on the effects of the law to date, recommend actions that could improve the health care system, and identify general lessons for public policy from the Affordable Care Act.Analysis of publicly available data, data obtained from government agencies, and published research findings. The period examined extends from 1963 to early 2016.The Affordable Care Act has made significant progress toward solving long-standing challenges facing the US health care system related to access, affordability, and quality of care. Since the Affordable Care Act became law, the uninsured rate has declined by 43%, from 16.0% in 2010 to 9.1% in 2015, primarily because of the law’s reforms. Research has documented accompanying improvements in access to care (for example, an estimated reduction in the share of nonelderly adults unable to afford care of 5.5 percentage points), financial security (for example, an estimated reduction in debts sent to collection of $600-$1000 per person gaining Medicaid coverage), and health (for example, an estimated reduction in the share of nonelderly adults reporting fair or poor health of 3.4 percentage points). The law has also begun the process of transforming health care payment systems, with an estimated 30% of traditional Medicare payments now flowing through alternative payment models like bundled payments or accountable care organizations. These and related reforms have contributed to a sustained period of slow growth in per-enrollee health care spending and improvements in health care quality. Despite this progress, major opportunities to improve the health care system remain.Policy makers should build on progress made by the Affordable Care Act by continuing to implement the Health Insurance Marketplaces and delivery system reform, increasing federal financial assistance for Marketplace enrollees, introducing a public plan option in areas lacking individual market competition, and taking actions to reduce prescription drug costs. Although partisanship and special interest opposition remain, experience with the Affordable Care Act demonstrates that positive change is achievable on some of the nation’s most complex challenges.Health care costs affect the economy, the federal budget, and virtually every American family’s financial well-being. Health insurance enables children to excel at school, adults to work more productively, and Americans of all ages to live longer, healthier lives. When I took office, health care costs had risen rapidly for decades, and tens of millions of Americans were uninsured. Regardless of the political difficulties, I concluded comprehensive reform was necessary.The result of that effort, the Affordable Care Act (ACA), has made substantial progress in addressing these challenges. Americans can now count on access to health coverage throughout their lives, and the federal government has an array of tools to bring the rise of health care costs under control. However, the work toward a high-quality, affordable, accessible health care system is not over.In this Special Communication, I assess the progress the ACA has made toward improving the US health care system and discuss how policy makers can build on that progress in the years ahead. I close with reflections on what my administration’s experience with the ACA can teach about the potential for positive change in health policy in particular and public policy generally.In my first days in office, I confronted an array of immediate challenges associated with the Great Recession. I also had to deal with one of the nation’s most intractable and long-standing problems, a health care system that fell far short of its potential. In 2008, the United States devoted 16% of the economy to health care, an increase of almost one-quarter since 1998 (when 13% of the economy was spent on health care), yet much of that spending did not translate into better outcomes for patients.1- 4 The health care system also fell short on quality of care, too often failing to keep patients safe, waiting to treat patients when they were sick rather than focusing on keeping them healthy, and delivering fragmented, poorly coordinated care.5,6Moreover, the US system left more than 1 in 7 Americans without health insurance coverage in 2008.7Despite successful efforts in the 1980s and 1990s to expand coverage for specific populations, like children, the United States had not seen a large, sustained reduction in the uninsured rate since Medicare and Medicaid began (Figure 18- 10). The United States’ high uninsured rate had negative consequences for uninsured Americans, who experienced greater financial insecurity, barriers to care, and odds of poor health and preventable death; for the health care system, which was burdened with billions of dollars in uncompensated care; and for the US economy, which suffered, for example, because workers were concerned about joining the ranks of the uninsured if they sought additional education or started a business.11- 16 Beyond these statistics were the countless, heartbreaking stories of Americans who struggled to access care because of a broken health insurance system. These included people like Natoma Canfield, who had overcome cancer once but had to discontinue her coverage due to rapidly escalating premiums and found herself facing a new cancer diagnosis uninsured.In 2009, during my first month in office, I extended the Children’s Health Insurance Program and soon thereafter signed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, which included temporary support to sustain Medicaid coverage as well as investments in health information technology, prevention, and health research to improve the system in the long run. In the summer of 2009, I signed the Tobacco Control Act, which has contributed to a rapid decline in the rate of smoking among teens, from 19.5% in 2009 to 10.8% in 2015, with substantial declines among adults as well.7,18Beyond these initial actions, I decided to prioritize comprehensive health reform not only because of the gravity of these challenges but also because of the possibility for progress. Massachusetts had recently implemented bipartisan legislation to expand health insurance coverage to all its residents. Leaders in Congress had recognized that expanding coverage, reducing the level and growth of health care costs, and improving quality was an urgent national priority. At the same time, a broad array of health care organizations and professionals, business leaders, consumer groups, and others agreed that the time had come to press ahead with reform.19 Those elements contributed to my decision, along with my deeply held belief that health care is not a privilege for a few, but a right for all. After a long debate with well-documented twists and turns, I signed the ACA on March 23, 2010.The years following the ACA’s passage included intense implementation efforts, changes in direction because of actions in Congress and the courts, and new opportunities such as the bipartisan passage of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act (MACRA) in 2015. Rather than detail every development in the intervening years, I provide an overall assessment of how the health care system has changed between the ACA’s passage and today.The evidence underlying this assessment was obtained from several sources. To assess trends in insurance coverage, this analysis relies on publicly available government and private survey data, as well as previously published analyses of survey and administrative data. To assess trends in health care costs and quality, this analysis relies on publicly available government estimates and projections of health care spending; publicly available government and private survey data; data on hospital readmission rates provided by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services; and previously published analyses of survey, administrative, and clinical data. The dates of the data used in this assessment range from 1963 to early 2016.The ACA has succeeded in sharply increasing insurance coverage. Since the ACA became law, the uninsured rate has declined by 43%, from 16.0% in 2010 to 9.1% in 2015,7 with most of that decline occurring after the law’s main coverage provisions took effect in 2014 (Figure 18- 10). The number of uninsured individuals in the United States has declined from 49 million in 2010 to 29 million in 2015. This is by far the largest decline in the uninsured rate since the creation of Medicare and Medicaid 5 decades ago. Recent analyses have concluded these gains are primarily because of the ACA, rather than other factors such as the ongoing economic recovery.20,21 Adjusting for economic and demographic changes and other underlying trends, the Department of Health and Human Services estimated that 20 million more people had health insurance in early 2016 because of the law.22Each of the law’s major coverage provisions—comprehensive reforms in the health insurance market combined with financial assistance for low- and moderate-income individuals to purchase coverage, generous federal support for states that expand their Medicaid programs to cover more low-income adults, and improvements in existing insurance coverage—has contributed to these gains. States that decided to expand their Medicaid programs saw larger reductions in their uninsured rates from 2013 to 2015, especially when those states had large uninsured populations to start with (Figure 223). However, even states that have not adopted Medicaid expansion have seen substantial reductions in their uninsured rates, indicating that the ACA’s other reforms are increasing insurance coverage. The law’s provision allowing young adults to stay on a parent’s plan until age 26 years has also played a contributing role, covering an estimated 2.3 million people after it took effect in late 2010.Early evidence indicates that expanded coverage is improving access to treatment, financial security, and health for the newly insured. Following the expansion through early 2015, nonelderly adults experienced substantial improvements in the share of individuals who have a personal physician (increase of 3.5 percentage points) and easy access to medicine (increase of 2.4 percentage points) and substantial decreases in the share who are unable to afford care (decrease of 5.5 percentage points) and reporting fair or poor health (decrease of 3.4 percentage points) relative to the pre-ACA trend.24 Similarly, research has found that Medicaid expansion improves the financial security of the newly insured (for example, by reducing the amount of debt sent to a collection agency by an estimated $600-$1000 per person gaining Medicaid coverage).26,27 Greater insurance coverage appears to have been achieved without negative effects on the labor market, despite widespread predictions that the law would be a “job killer.” Private-sector employment has increased in every month since the ACA became law, and rigorous comparisons of Medicaid expansion and nonexpansion states show no negative effects on employment in expansion states.The law has also greatly improved health insurance coverage for people who already had it. Coverage offered on the individual market or to small businesses must now include a core set of health care services, including maternity care and treatment for mental health and substance use disorders, services that were sometimes not covered at all previously.31 Most private insurance plans must now cover recommended preventive services without cost-sharing, an important step in light of evidence demonstrating that many preventive services were underused.5,6 This includes women’s preventive services, which has guaranteed an estimated 55.6 million women coverage of services such as contraceptive coverage and screening and counseling for domestic and interpersonal violence.32 In addition, families now have far better protection against catastrophic costs related to health care. Lifetime limits on coverage are now illegal and annual limits typically are as well. Instead, most plans must cap enrollees’ annual out-of-pocket spending, a provision that has helped substantially reduce the share of people with employer-provided coverage lacking real protection against catastrophic costs (Figure 333). The law is also phasing out the Medicare Part D coverage gap. Since 2010, more than 10 million Medicare beneficiaries have saved more than $20 billion as a result.Before the ACA, the health care system was dominated by “fee-for-service” payment systems, which often penalized health care organizations and health care professionals who find ways to deliver care more efficiently, while failing to reward those who improve the quality of care. The ACA has changed the health care payment system in several important ways. The law modified rates paid to many that provide Medicare services and Medicare Advantage plans to better align them with the actual costs of providing care. Research on how past changes in Medicare payment rates have affected private payment rates implies that these changes in Medicare payment policy are helping decrease prices in the private sector as well.35,36 The ACA also included numerous policies to detect and prevent health care fraud, including increased scrutiny prior to enrollment in Medicare and Medicaid for health care entities that pose a high risk of fraud, stronger penalties for crimes involving losses in excess of $1 million, and additional funding for antifraud efforts. The ACA has also widely deployed “value-based payment” systems in Medicare that tie fee-for-service payments to the quality and efficiency of the care delivered by health care organizations and health care professionals. In parallel with these efforts, my administration has worked to foster a more competitive market by increasing transparency around the prices charged and the quality of care delivered.Most importantly over the long run, the ACA is moving the health care system toward “alternative payment models” that hold health care entities accountable for outcomes. These models include bundled payment models that make a single payment for all of the services provided during a clinical episode and population-based models like accountable care organizations (ACOs) that base payment on the results health care organizations and health care professionals achieve for all of their patients’ care. The law created the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (CMMI) to test alternative payment models and bring them to scale if they are successful, as well as a permanent ACO program in Medicare. Today, an estimated 30% of traditional Medicare payments flow through alternative payment models that broaden the focus of payment beyond individual services or a particular entity, up from essentially none in 2010.37 These models are also spreading rapidly in the private sector, and their spread will likely be accelerated by the physician payment reforms in MACRA.Trends in health care costs and quality under the ACA have been promising (Figure 41,40). From 2010 through 2014, mean annual growth in real per-enrollee Medicare spending has actually been negative, down from a mean of 4.7% per year from 2000 through 2005 and 2.4% per year from 2006 to 2010 (growth from 2005 to 2006 is omitted to avoid including the rapid growth associated with the creation of Medicare Part D).1,40 Similarly, mean real per-enrollee growth in private insurance spending has been 1.1% per year since 2010, compared with a mean of 6.5% from 2000 through 2005 and 3.4% from 2005 to 2010For example, relative to the projections the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) issued just before I took office, CBO now projects Medicare to spend 20%, or about $160 billion, less in 2019 alone.41,42 The implications for families’ budgets of slower growth in premiums have been equally striking. Had premiums increased since 2010 at the same mean rate as the preceding decade, the mean family premium for employer-based coverage would have been almost $2600 higher in 2015.33 Employees receive much of those savings through lower premium costs, and economists generally agree that those employees will receive the remainder as higher wages in the long run.43 Furthermore, while deductibles have increased in recent years, they have increased no faster than in the years preceding 2010.44 Multiple sources also indicate that the overall share of health care costs that enrollees in employer coverage pay out of pocket has been close to flat since 2010 (Figure 545- 48), most likely because the continued increase in deductibles has been canceled out by a decline in co-payments.At the same time, the United States has seen important improvements in the quality of care. The rate of hospital-acquired conditions (such as adverse drug events, infections, and pressure ulcers) has declined by 17%, from 145 per 1000 discharges in 2010 to 121 per 1000 discharges in 2014.49 Using prior research on the relationship between hospital-acquired conditions and mortality, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality has estimated that this decline in the rate of hospital-acquired conditions has prevented a cumulative 87 000 deaths over 4 years.49 The rate at which Medicare patients are readmitted to the hospital within 30 days after discharge has also decreased sharply, from a mean of 19.1% during 2010 to a mean of 17.8% during 2015 (Figure 6; written communication; March 2016; Office of Enterprise Data and Analytics, Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services). The Department of Health and Human Services has estimated that lower hospital readmission rates resulted in 565 000 fewer total readmissions from April 2010 through May 2015.While the Great Recession and other factors played a role in recent trends, the Council of Economic Advisers has found evidence that the reforms introduced by the ACA helped both slow health care cost growth and drive improvements in the quality of care.44,52 The contribution of the ACA’s reforms is likely to increase in the years ahead as its tools are used more fully and as the models already deployed under the ACA continue to mature.I am proud of the policy changes in the ACA and the progress that has been made toward a more affordable, high-quality, and accessible health care system. Despite this progress, too many Americans still strain to pay for their physician visits and prescriptions, cover their deductibles, or pay their monthly insurance bills; struggle to navigate a complex, sometimes bewildering system; and remain uninsured. More work to reform the health care system is necessary, with some suggestions offered below.While historians will draw their own conclusions about the broader implications of the ACA, I have my own. These lessons learned are not just for posterity: I have put them into practice in both health care policy and other areas of public policy throughout my presidency.Two weeks ago, I launched my candidacy to become the Leader of the Conservative Party – and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.And last week, I won the overwhelming support of my colleagues in the House of Commons. Nearly two thirds of the Conservative Party in Parliament. Left and right. Leavers and remainers. MPs from the length and breadth of Britain. The result showed that, after the referendum, the Conservative Party can come together – and under my leadership it will.I am here today – in the great city of Birmingham – to launch my national campaign, in which I will make my case to the Conservative Party membership – and the country as a whole.That case comes down to three things.First, our country needs strong, proven leadership – to steer us through this time of economic and political uncertainty, and to negotiate the best deal for Britain as we leave the EU and forge a new role for ourselves in the world. Because Brexit means Brexit and we’re going to make a success of it.Second, we need to unite our Party and our country.And third, we need a bold, new, positive vision for the future of our country – a vision of a country that works not for a privileged few but for every one of us.It is about that vision that I want to talk to you today. Because if we’re going to govern in the interests of the whole country, we cannot become defined exclusively by the process of our withdrawal from the EU. That is an important job and we’re going to get it done. But we also need a Government that will deliver serious social reform – and make ours a country that truly works for everyone.Because right now, if you’re born poor, you will die on average nine years earlier than others. If you’re black, you’re treated more harshly by the criminal justice system than if you’re white. If you’re a white, working-class boy, you’re less likely than anybody else to go to university. If you’re at a state school, you’re less likely to reach the top professions than if you’re educated privately. If you’re a woman, you still earn less than a man. If you suffer from mental health problems, there’s too often not enough help to hand. If you’re young, you’ll find it harder than ever before to own your own home.But, as I have said before, fighting these injustices is not enough. If you’re from an ordinary, working-class family, life is just much harder than many people in politics realise. You have a job, but you don’t always have job security. You have your own home, but you worry about mortgage rates going up. You can just about manage, but you worry about the cost of living and the quality of the local school, because there’s no other choice for you.These are the reasons why, under my leadership, the Conservative Party will put itself – completely, absolutely, unequivocally – at the service of ordinary, working people. It is why we will make Britain a country that works for everyone:An economy that works for everyone, so we don’t just maintain economic confidence and steer the country through challenging times – but we make sure that everyone can share in the country’s wealth.A society that works for everyone, so we can bring people back together – rich and poor, north and south, urban and rural, young and old, male and female, black and white, sick and healthy, public sector, private sector, those with skills and those without.A democracy that works for everyone, so we can restore trust and confidence in our most important institutions – and the political process itself.And a party that works for everyone – because we can’t build a country that works for all unless we, the Conservatives, are truly a party that works for all.In the coming weeks, I will set out my plans to take our economy through this period of uncertainty, to get the economy growing strongly across all parts of the country, to deal with Britain’s longstanding productivity problem, to create more well-paid jobs, to negotiate the best terms for Britain’s departure from the European Union – and to forge a new role for ourselves in the world. But today, I want to talk about my plans to reform the economy so that it really does work for everyone. Because it is apparent to anybody who is in touch with the real world that people do not feel our economy works that way at all. Talk to almost any ordinary member of the public, and the frustration they feel about the loss of control over their day-to-day lives is obvious.They are the ones who made real sacrifices after the financial crash in 2008. Some lost their jobs, some reduced their hours, others took a pay cut. Wages have grown, but only slowly. Taxes for the lowest paid went down, but other taxes, like VAT, went up. Fixed items of spending – like energy bills – have rocketed. Monetary policy – in the form of super-low interest rates and quantitative easing – has helped those on the property ladder at the expense of those who can’t afford to own their own home.There isn’t much job security out there. Some find themselves exploited by unscrupulous bosses. And, yes, some have found themselves out of work or on lower wages because of low-skilled immigration. It’s harder than ever for young people to buy their first house. There is a growing divide between a more prosperous older generation and a struggling younger generation. And there is a gaping chasm between wealthy London and the rest of the country. When you add all of these things up, the only surprise is that there is so much surprise in Westminster about the public’s appetite for change. And make no mistake, the referendum was a vote to leave the European Union, but it was also a vote for serious change.Yet so many of our political and business leaders have responded by showing that they still don’t get it. There are politicians – democratically-elected politicians – who seriously suggest that the Government should find a way of ignoring the referendum result and keeping Britain inside the European Union. And there are business leaders whose response has not been to plan for Britain’s departure or to think of the opportunities withdrawal presents – but to complain about the result and criticise the electorate.Well, I couldn’t be clearer. Brexit means Brexit. And we’re going to make a success of it. There will be no attempts to remain inside the EU, no attempts to rejoin it by the back door, and no second referendum. The country voted to leave the European Union, and as Prime Minister I will make sure that we leave the European Union.And I am equally clear about the need for change. I am not going to ignore the public when they say they’re sick of politics as usual. I am going to make sure that the motives of the Government will never be in any doubt. We, the Conservatives, will put ourselves at the service of ordinary, working people and we will make Britain a country that works for everyone – whoever you are and wherever you’re from.The Government has made great strides in the last six years, dealing with the debt crisis, reducing the deficit, and presiding over an economic recovery. But if we are going to make sure our economy truly works for everyone – if we are going to help people to take control of their lives – we need to take action in four different ways. We need to reform the economy to allow more people to share in the country’s prosperity. We need to put people back in control of their lives. We need to give more people more opportunity. And we need to get tough on irresponsible behaviour in big business.I will start with economic reform. Because for a Government that has overseen a lot of public service reforms in the last six years, it is striking that, by comparison, there has not been nearly as much deep economic reform. That needs to change for a simple reason. If we want to increase our overall prosperity, if we want more people to share in that prosperity, if we want bigger real wages for people, if we want more opportunities for young people to get on, we have to improve the productivity of our economy.Yet we have long had a problem with productivity in Britain. So I want to make its improvement an important objective for the Treasury. I want to see an energy policy that emphasises the reliability of supply and lower costs for users. A better research and development policy that helps firms to make the right investment decisions. More Treasury-backed project bonds for new infrastructure projects. More house building. A proper industrial strategy to get the whole economy firing. And a plan to help not one or even two of our great regional cities but every single one of them.If we are going to have an economy that works for everyone, we are going to need to give people more control of their lives. And that means cutting out all the political platitudes about “stakeholder societies” – and doing something radical.Because as we saw when Cadbury’s – that great Birmingham company – was bought by Kraft, or when AstraZeneca was almost sold to Pfizer, transient shareholders – who are mostly companies investing other people’s money – are not the only people with an interest when firms are sold or close. Workers have a stake, local communities have a stake, and often the whole country has a stake. It is hard to think of an industry of greater strategic importance to Britain than its pharmaceutical industry, and AstraZeneca is one of the jewels in its crown. Yet two years ago the Government almost allowed AstraZeneca to be sold to Pfizer, the US company with a track record of asset stripping and whose self-confessed attraction to the deal was to avoid tax. A proper industrial strategy wouldn’t automatically stop the sale of British firms to foreign ones, but it should be capable of stepping in to defend a sector that is as important as pharmaceuticals is to Britain.And I want to see changes in the way that big business is governed. The people who run big businesses are supposed to be accountable to outsiders, to non-executive directors, who are supposed to ask the difficult questions, think about the long-term and defend the interests of shareholders. In practice, they are drawn from the same, narrow social and professional circles as the executive team and – as we have seen time and time again – the scrutiny they provide is just not good enough. So if I’m Prime Minister, we’re going to change that system – and we’re going to have not just consumers represented on company boards, but employees as well.There are other ways, too, in which we need to put people back in control. As the Government reforms public services, we should encourage public sector workers to set up mutuals. As we take infrastructure decisions – like with new housing, roads, or exploration for oil and gas – the benefits should be shared not just with local authorities but with local people themselves.And this brings me on to the third way in which we need to make our economy work for everyone – which is by giving people more opportunity. This, to me, is what the Conservative Party is all about. In the name of equality, Labour end up holding people back – but we believe in setting people free to go as far as their talents will take them.That is why school reform is such a passion for so many Conservatives – and I will be setting out my own plans for schools policy in the coming weeks. But it is also why housing matters so much, and why we need to do far more to get more houses built.Because unless we deal with the housing deficit, we will see house prices keep on rising. Young people will find it even harder to afford their own home. The divide between those who inherit wealth and those who don’t will become more pronounced. And more and more of the country’s money will go into expensive housing instead of more productive investments that generate more economic growth. The fourth way in which I want to make our economy work for everyone is by getting tough on irresponsible behaviour in big business. Because yes, we’re the Conservative Party, and yes we’re the party of enterprise, but that does not mean we should be prepared to accept that “anything goes”.The FTSE, for example, is trading at about the same level as it was eighteen years ago and it is nearly ten per cent below its high peak. Yet in the same time period executive pay has more than trebled and there is an irrational, unhealthy and growing gap between what these companies pay their workers and what they pay their bosses.So as part of the changes I want to make to corporate governance, I want to make shareholder votes on corporate pay not just advisory but binding. I want to see more transparency, including the full disclosure of bonus targets and the publication of “pay multiple” data: that is, the ratio between the CEO’s pay and the average company worker’s pay. And I want to simplify the way bonuses are paid so that the bosses’ incentives are better aligned with the long-term interests of the company and its shareholders.I also want us to be prepared to use – and reform – competition law so that markets work better for people. If there is evidence that the big utility firms and the retail banks are abusing their roles in highly-consolidated markets, we shouldn't just complain about it, we shouldn’t say it’s too difficult, we should do something about it.And tax. We need to talk about tax. Because we’re Conservatives, and of course we believe in a low-tax economy, in which British businesses are more competitive and families get to keep more of what they earn – but we also understand that tax is the price we pay for living in a civilised society. No individual and no business, however rich, has succeeded all on their own. Their goods are transported by road, their workers are educated in schools, their customers are part of sophisticated networks taking in the private sector, the public sector and charities. It doesn’t matter to me whether you’re Amazon, Google or Starbucks, you have a duty to put something back, you have a debt to your fellow citizens, you have a responsibility to pay your taxes. So as Prime Minister, I will crack down on individual and corporate tax avoidance and evasion. It is not anti-business to suggest that big business needs to change. Better governance will help these companies to take better decisions, for their own long-term benefit and that of the economy overall. This is a different kind of Conservatism, I know. It marks a break with the past. But it is in fact completely consistent with Conservative principles. Because we don’t just believe in markets, but in communities. We don’t just believe in individualism, but in society. We don’t hate the state, we value the role that only the state can play. We believe everybody – not just the privileged few – has a right to take ownership of what matters in their lives. We believe that each generation – of politicians, of business leaders, of us all – are custodians with a responsibility to pass on something better to the next generation. Above all, we believe in Britain – and in the British people. From Robert Peel to Lady Thatcher, from Joseph Chamberlain to Winston Churchill, throughout history it has been the Conservative Party’s role to rise to the occasion and to take on the vested interests before us, to break up power when it is concentrated among the few, to lead on behalf of the people. It has been our strength as a Party that at moments of great national change, we have understood what needed to be done. And believe me, nobody should doubt that this is another of those moments of great national change. We must leave the European Union – and forge a new role for ourselves in the world. And we must make Britain a country that works not for a privileged few but for every single one of us.To do those things we need to come together – as a Party and as a country – under strong and proven leadership.And then together, we will build a better Britain.The quadrennial excitement of the Euro soccer competition, the green lawns of Wimbledon, and the racetrack at Silverstone provided three weeks of distraction from the consequences of the United Kingdom’s June 23 referendum. Prime Minister David Cameron was resigning, yes, but nothing would happen until his successor was in place, and it would take months for the country’s political parties, all in crisis, to select new leaders. Some supporters of staying in the European Union fancied using the lull to hold a second referendum to confirm the first, which was not binding. Demoralizing threats kept coming—from George Soros, from the IMF, from others—about the cost of withdrawal. Even the pro-Brexit camp seemed suddenly confused about the economic benefits of leaving the EU. Many started to imagine a withdrawal from the union pushed to such a distant future that it would never actually happen.Time accelerated on July 12, though, when Tory Home Secretary Theresa May surged to the position of prime minister and declared unreservedly that she would implement Brexit. Her instincts may have been against it, but she promised that she would honor the vote and that she would be able to turn Brexit into a favorable arrangement for Britain.The results of the Brexit referendum have opened the doors of power to May, an unsentimental politician with a career that reminds one of a Supreme Court judge—a role in which one displays competency without giving offense. In the campaign leading to the referendum, for example, she notoriously favored the United Kingdom’s remaining in the EU but declined to burn political capital by defending her position.Here, it is worth looking to two other European countries that passed on EU membership: Norway, with a GDP per capita close to $70,000; and Switzerland, with a GDP of $60,000. Not all economies are comparable—Norway lives off oil and fish—but the GDP per capita of the United Kingdom just exceeds $40,000. In other words, there is no absolute link between membership in the EU and national wealth. Furthermore, although they are non-members, Norway and Switzerland are deeply integrated in the regulatory framework of the EU, which facilitates their commerce with the region.The two cases offer a template for a post-Brexit United Kingdom, one that is still integrated economically with the continent.THE timing could not have been worse. After weeks of indecision Angela Eagle, a veteran Labour MP, at last announced a challenge to Jeremy Corbyn as party leader on July 11th. But just as she was making her pitch to a room full of journalists, the reporters began to leave. Elsewhere, the Conservatives’ own leadership battle had come to an abrupt end, and Theresa May was about to be crowned the winner. Ms Eagle’s gauntlet was buried by headlines about the new prime minister.Things did not get better. A bid to keep Mr Corbyn out of the leadership contest, on the basis that he could not secure the backing of 51 Labour MPs or MEPs, failed when the party’s National Executive Committee (NEC) ruled by 18 votes to 14 that Mr Corbyn must be on the ballot as the incumbent. Then Owen Smith, another Labour MP who, unlike Ms Eagle, had opposed the Iraq war, announced his own leadership bid, threatening a divide among anti-Corbyn MPs. All this lends some justice to a remark by John McDonnell, the shadow chancellor, that the anti-Corbyn plotters were “fucking useless”.Ever since Mr Corbyn became leader last September there has been tension between Labour MPs, most of whom consider him unelectably left-wing, and party members, many of whom adore him. It was bad enough when he won the leadership crushingly last September after scraping around for last-minute nominations from MPs, some of whom backed him just to make the contest more lively. It is now much worse: 172 of Labour’s 230 MPs have declared no confidence in Mr Corbyn, making his position in the parliamentary party untenable. The Brexit referendum crystallised their frustration. The party was formally committed to Remain, but many moderate MPs felt that Mr Corbyn was half-hearted at best, and that this caused many Labour voters, especially in northern and eastern England, to back Leave. With Mr Corbyn’s poll ratings dismal and a serious risk of the party compounding its loss of Scotland in 2015 by losing northern England, most Labour MPs desperately want a new leader.SO IT was a coronation after all. On July 13th Theresa May, the home secretary, became Conservative Party leader and prime minister after her only remaining rival, Andrea Leadsom, the energy minister, pulled out of the race. Mrs Leadsom’s ostensible reason was that she had the backing of only 84 Tory MPs, against Mrs May’s 199. But what counted more was that, under pressure, she had shown her unfitness for the job, embroidering her financial career and hinting that, as a mother, she was better qualified than the childless Mrs May.A new Tory prime minister is but one feature of the redrawn political landscape after Britain’s vote to leave the European Union. The opposition Labour Party has sunk into ever-deeper chaos under Jeremy Corbyn, who now faces a leadership challenge (seearticle). The populist UK Independence Party has a vacuum at the top following the resignation of its leader, Nigel Farage, on the completion of his career’s ambition. And although the Scottish Nationalists, the third-biggest party in Westminster, are united under Nicola Sturgeon, they are uncertain how and when to pursue independence post-Brexit.Mrs May backed the Remain side in the referendum, unlike most Tory voters. Yet they welcomed her victory, if only because she has shown more political nous than her pro-Brexit opponents. Indeed, it is remarkable that the Brexiteers, having won a famous victory, have now largely fled the battlefield, leaving Remainers to sort out the mess. Mrs May was only ever lukewarm about the EU, and has promised that “Brexit means Brexit”.As home secretary for six years, she built a reputation as a moderniser, picking fights with the police. She was quicker than most Tories to see which way the wind was blowing on issues such as gay marriage; in 2002 she warned that many voters saw the Conservatives as the “nasty party”. She is a child of England’s home counties, without the privileged background of the outgoing prime minister, David Cameron, and many of his circle.Her first task was to form a cabinet. Philip Hammond, previously the foreign secretary, is to be the new chancellor. More surprisingly she gave the Foreign Office to Boris Johnson, a Brexiteer not noted for his diplomacy. (In May he won a magazine competition to write a poem about Turkey’s repressive president—“a young fellow from Ankara / Who was a terrific wankerer”, as he put it.) Liam Fox, a fellow Leaver who resigned from the cabinet in disgrace less than five years ago, will be trade secretary. David Davis, a veteran Eurosceptic, will take charge of a new Brexit department. Amber Rudd, the energy secretary, will become home secretary.The next question will be whether Mrs May wants or needs a stronger democratic mandate. In 2007, when Gordon Brown assumed the premiership without any Labour challenger, she accused him of running scared by not holding an election to test his credentials. Yet she now insists that no election is needed before the current parliamentary term ends in 2020.Mrs May insists that there will be no attempt to remain inside the EU and there can be no second referendum. But she has also said she will not trigger Article 50, the legal route to Brexit, until she has fixed her own negotiating position. And, although as home secretary she was fiercely anti-immigration, she has been careful to insist only that free movement of people in the EU cannot continue as it currently operates. She knows the value of full membership of Europe’s single market, and she understands the trade-off that may be necessary between preserving this and setting limits on free movement.Many colleagues are floating ideas loosely called Norway-plus (or Norway-minus), which involve trying to keep as much as possible of Britain’s membership of the single market while being permitted to impose some controls or an emergency brake on free movement.BY EJECTING its neighbours’ forces, building up its navy and constructing artificial islands, China has for years sought to assert vast and ambiguous territorial claims in the South China Sea. These alarm its neighbours and have led to military confrontations. They also challenge America’s influence in Asia. Now the Permanent Court of Arbitration, an international tribunal in The Hague, has declared China’s “historic claims” in the South China Sea invalid. It was an unexpectedly wide-ranging and clear-cut ruling, and it has enraged China.The case was brought by the Philippines in 2013, after China grabbed control of a reef, called Scarborough Shoal, about 220 miles (350km) north-west of Manila. The case had wider significance, though, because of the South China Sea itself. About a third of world trade passes through its sea lanes, including most of China’s oil imports. It contains large reserves of oil and gas. But it matters above all because it is a place of multiple overlapping maritime claims and a growing military presence (Chinese troops are pictured above on one of the sea’s islands). America had two aircraft carriers in the sea lately; on the eve of the court’s ruling, China’s navy was staging a live-fire exercise there. Above all it is a region where two world-views collide. These are an American idea of rules-based international order and a Chinese one based on what it regards as “historic rights” that trump any global law.China claims it has such rights in the South China Sea, and that they long predate the current international system. Chinese seafarers, the government says, discovered and named islands in the region centuries ago. It says the country also has ancestral fishing rights. In early July, by happy coincidence, a state television company began a mini-series about the experience of Chinese fishermen in the 1940s, reinforcing China’s view. These rights are said to exist within a “nine-dash line” (still usually called that, though Chinese maps began showing ten dashes in 2013 to bring Taiwan more clearly into the fold). It is a tongue-shaped claim that slurps more than 1,500km down from the southern coast of China and laps up almost all the South China Sea (see map).The court comprehensively rejected China’s view of things, ruling that only claims consistent with the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) were valid. Under UNCLOS, which came into force in 1982 and which China ratified in 1996, maritime rights derive from land, not history. Countries may claim an Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) up to 200 nautical miles (370km) off their coasts, or around islands. Based on this, the tribunal ruled that the nine-dash line had no standing. The judges wrote that there was “no legal basis” for China to claim historic rights within it. UNCLOS, they said, took precedence.Until now, China has not specified the exact meaning of the nine-dash line. It is not clear, for example, whether the country claims everything within the line as its sovereign possession or merely the islands and their surrounding waters. Even if the claim were confined to the islands, the ruling undermined that. The tribunal said that none of the Spratly Islands (where China’s island-building has been concentrated) count as islands in international law. Therefore, none qualifies for an EEZ.Adding insult to injury, the court ruled that China had been building on rocks that were visible only at low tide, and hence not eligible to claim territorial waters. It said this had violated the sovereign rights of the Philippines, which has an EEZ covering them. So, too, had China’s blocking of Philippine fishing and oil-exploration activities. The court ruled that Chinese vessels had unlawfully created a “serious risk of collision” with Philippine ships in the area, and that China had violated its obligations under UNCLOS to look after fragile ecosystems. Chinese fishermen, the judges said, had harvested endangered species, such as sea turtles and coral, while the authorities turned a blind eye.In 2014 the Indian government of Narendra Modi quietly accepted the court’s ruling against it in a case brought by Bangladesh over a dispute in the Bay of Bengal. But President Xi Jinping, who has supervised China’s recent efforts to reinforce its claims in the South China Sea, would find it very hard to do the same. He is preparing to carry out a sweeping reshuffle of the Communist leadership next year; foes would be quick to accuse him of selling out the country were he to appear weak.Taiwan’s denunciation of the ruling as “completely unacceptable” will give succour to Mr Xi. The positions both of China and Taiwan are based on claims made by Chiang Kai-shek when he ruled China, before he fled to Taiwan in 1949. That Taiwan maintains the same stance under Tsai Ing-wen, who took over as the island’s president in May, is even more of a boost. Ms Tsai’s party normally abhors anything suggesting that China and Taiwan have the same territorial interests. Yet the day after the court ruling, Ms Tsai appeared on a Taiwanese frigate before it set sail to defend what she called “Taiwan’s national interests” in the South China Sea, where Taiwan controls the largest of the SpratlysIn China, raging rhetoric quickly reached stratospheric levels. Global Times, a particularly hawkish newspaper, called the ruling “even more shameless than the worst prediction”. The government warned its neighbours that it would “take all necessary measures” to protect its interests. The social-networking accounts of Communist Party newspapers brimmed with bellicosity. “Let’s cut the crap,” said a user called Yunfu, “and show them our sovereignty rights through war.” Rumours that China was preparing for a fight ran so rife that the normally taciturn ministry of defence stepped in to deny them.Vietnam and Malaysia, which might conceivably launch copycat cases in the court, both put out measured statements supporting peaceful resolution of the disputes. The Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN), a ten-country grouping which includes four of the states in dispute with China, had little to say. Several of its members wanted ASEAN to take a firm stance against China’s claims—and an unusually strong statement released by ASEAN in June looked like the beginning of that. But it was retracted, mysteriously, within hours, making the organisation look weak and ineffective, as usual.THEY campaigned to Leave, and they were as good as their word. Three weeks on from their referendum triumph, the politicians who led the charge for Britain to quit the European Union have fallen by the wayside in the race to replace David Cameron as prime minister. This week the last of the prominent Leavers, Andrea Leadsom, withdrew her candidacy after a few days’ media scrutiny revealed her to be fantastically ill-prepared. The job of steering Britain towards the EU’s exit doors has thus fallen to the only candidate left in the race: Theresa May, who campaigned to Remain.The rally in oil prices, which saw dated Brent Blend, the global benchmark, doubling from a 13-year low of US$26/barrel in January to over US$52/b on June 8th, has stalled. A succession of bearish developments has prompted a wave of profit-taking and a readjustment of market expectations about the near-term outlook for prices.The price of Brent fell by about 10% from its early June peak to around US$46/b in mid-July. As we expected, a key factor behind this reversal was the easing of supply disruptions, which enabled global supply to bounce back in June after a slowdown in May.The response of financial markets to the decision showed that it took many investors by surprise. The S&P 500 dropped by 3.6% in a day, but once the shock had worn off the index recovered its losses within two weeks.The more telling indicators are the performance of sterling, which has fallen by more than 10% against the dollar and has yet to find a floor, and bond yields in developed markets, which have collapsed to new lows amid concerns about the economic outlook and expectations of looser monetary policy. The decision—and the uncertainty surrounding it—has fundamentally weakened the British economy and written a new chapter in Europe's rolling crisis.The ruling by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague, in response to a case brought by the Philippines, is firm, clear and everything China did not want it to be (seearticle). The judges said that the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) should determine how the waters of the South China Sea are divided among countries, not China’s ill-explained “nine-dash line” which implies the sea is Chinese. None of the Spratly Islands in the south of the sea, claimed (and occupied) by several countries including China, can be defined as islands that can sustain human life, they ruled. This means no country can assert an Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) extending up to 200 nautical miles around them.The court had no power to decide who owns which bits of land in the South China Sea. But the judges said that by building on rocks visible only at low tide, and thus not entitled under UNCLOS to any sovereign waters, China had encroached illegally into the Philippines’ EEZ. The court also said China had violated UNCLOS by blocking Philippine fishing boats and oil-exploration vessels and that Chinese ships had acted dangerously and unlawfully in doing so. Moreover, China’s island-building had caused “severe harm” to the habitats of endangered species, and Chinese officials had turned a blind eye to Chinese poaching of them.Theresa May became Britain’s prime minister, after her last remaining opponent withdrew from the Conservative leadership race. Mrs May’s elevation to Number 10 brought a quick resolution to the power vacuum left by David Cameron’s resignation after the vote on Brexit. One of her first acts was to make Boris Johnson, a prominent leader of the campaign for Britain to leave the EU, foreign secretary. George Osborne, who until a month ago was arguably Britain’s most powerful politician, was unceremoniously dumped as chancellor of the exchequer. His replacement is Philip Hammond.Britain’s Labour Party, by contrast, was still hampered with its leader, Jeremy Corbyn. He refuses to resign despite losing the support of most of the party in Parliament, citing his backing among party members. Two opponents running against him in a party election say they can provide the leadership that Mr Corbyn can’t. That does not appear to be difficult.The Polish parliament’s lower house passed legislation that would resolve a controversy over seating justices on the constitutional tribunal but still limit its power to block laws. Poland’s ruling right-wing Law and Justice party is at odds with the EU and with a liberal protest movement that defends judicial independence.Ireland announced that GDP grew by 26% last year, because of changes in how it calculates the size of its economy. Assets belonging to multinational companies that are based in Ireland for tax purposes are now counted. The whopping revision heightened Irish citizens’ sense that, as more offshore firms flock to the country, growth statistics have become meaningless.Emmanuel Macron, France’s economy minister, held the first rally of a political movement, En Marche!, he has set up. A liberal voice in the governing Socialist Party, Mr Macron wants to deregulate the economy. Advisers are prodding him to run in elections for president next year against the unpopular incumbent, François Hollande.Two commuter trains collided in southern Italy, killing at least 23 people.An international court in The Hague delivered its verdict on a case filed by the Philippines challenging China’s territorial claims in the South China Sea. The judges ruled that China’s claims to resources within a “nine-dash line” encompassing most of the sea had no legal basis. It also said China’s island-building on reefs there had violated the Philippines’ sovereign rights. China reacted furiously to the judgment.The Liberal Democratic Party of Shinzo Abe, the prime minister of Japan, scored a sweeping victory in elections to the upper house of the Diet. Together with Komeito, his ally in the ruling coalition, and like-minded parties and independents, Mr Abe now has the two-thirds majority to push for changes to the pacifist constitution in a referendum.Street violence was reignited in Indian-ruled Kashmir after security forces killed a prominent militant leader, Burhan Wani. In days of protest by pro-separatist youth, more than 36 people have been killed, nearly all by police gunfire. The insurgency today is being waged less by infiltrators from Pakistan and more by local militants.The Liberal-National coalition led by Malcolm Turnbull, the prime minister of Australia, scored a narrow victory in an election. With the final votes still being counted, the coalition was expected to secure a majority in the lower chamber. Mr Turnbull may need the support of small parties and independents, who are likely to hold the balance in the upper house.As the situation in Venezuela grew more chaotic, President Nicolás Maduro told the army to take over five ports in order to ensure adequate supplies of food and medicine. He said this was necessary because of the “economic war” being mounted against him by rivals with the backing of the United States. Venezuela’s Catholic bishops warned that the growing role of the military was a threat to civil peace.A well-known environmental campaigner in Honduras, Lesbia Yaneth Urquia, was murdered. There was widespread international outrage after her body was found abandoned on a rubbish dump. She was the second opponent of a giant dam project to be killed in four months.A ceasefire halted four days of fighting in South Sudan between soldiers loyal to the president, Salva Kiir, and bodyguards of the vice-president, Riek Machar, a former rebel. Efforts were made to reinstate a peace agreement between the factions. The fighting, which started after a shoot-out at a checkpoint, claimed the lives of 270 people and threatened a return to civil war.In Zimbabwe,Evan Mawarire, a pastor who helped inspire a one-day general strike, was arrested and charged with attempting to overthrow the state. The charges were dropped and he was released after a large crowd gathered for his appearance in court.Amnesty International reported that hundreds of people have disappeared or been tortured at the hands of Egypt’s security services over the past year.Russian jets bombed a refugee camp in Syria, killing 12.America said it would send another 560 troops to Iraq to help the security forces and Kurdish fighters in their attempt to retake Mosul from Islamic State.In a show of national unity amid a bad week for race relations in America, Barack Obama and George W. Bush spoke at a memorial for five policemen shot dead by a black nationalist in Dallas. They were slain overseeing a street protest against the killings of two black men by police, in Louisiana and Minnesota. Mr Obama praised the police for doing a difficult job, but urged them not to dismiss the black protesters as “troublemakers or paranoid”.After weeks of wavering, Bernie Sanders at last endorsed Hillary Clinton as the Democratic candidate for president. Mr Sanders put up a surprisingly strong challenge to Mrs Clinton in the primaries. She has made some concessions, notably by agreeing to offer free tuition at public colleges for poorer students.IT WAS sweeping, ruthless and decisive. “Brutal reshuffle, prime minister?” shouted reporters as Theresa May arrived back in Downing Street after a morning going through Cameroons like a hot knife through butter. A smile dashed across the new prime minister’s face as she strode into her new house.What to make of it? Overall Mrs May has tilted the government to the right. But the picture is also more complicated. It helps to divide her appointments into two sorts: those related to Brexit and those not. Into every role that has lots to do with Britain’s exit negotiations, she has slotted someone who campaigned to make that happen. Boris Johnson is foreign secretary, Liam Fox international trade secretary (a new cabinet-level role), David Davis the minister for Brexit (ditto) and Andrea Leadsom secretary of state for the environment, food and rural affairs (a role that will involve dealing lots with farmers who stand to lose European subsidies). The thinking, it seems, is that putting Brexiteers in these posts will make up for Mrs May’s own anti-Brexit stance before the referendum and help her to sell the inevitable concessions that Britain will have to reach to a public whose expectations of any deal seem far to outstrip the likely reality.Meanwhile she has has appointed moderates and reformers to some of the key public service posts. Amber Rudd, an impressive Remainer—and more of an instinctive liberal than the new PM—goes to the home office. Britain’s new education and equalities secretary, Justine Greening, is state-educated and in a same-sex relationship. Damian Green, a One Nation stalwart, is the new welfare secretary. Perhaps most promisingly Greg Clark, an Osbornista and the brains behind the recent revolution in cities policy, takes the helm of a new industry and energy department. Reassuring, too, are the names not favoured among the domestic appointments: Theresa Villiers is out, Iain Duncan Smith seems to have been passed over and Chris Grayling, the right-wing Eurosceptic who ran Mrs May’s campaign (her “bit of rough” for the grass roots, as it were) will be disappointed with the transport brief.What do these appointments tell us? The new prime minister seems determined to break with the Cameron years. Her assessment of her predecessor—discernible, between the lines, in some of her statements and actions as home secretary—is now crystal clear: Mr Cameron’s government was too posh, too cocky, too blithe about globalisation’s merits, too metropolitan. Too Notting Hill. It failed to connect with the cultural and economic insecurities of ordinary voters. She plans to tack in a more Eurosceptic and more economically interventionist direction. As I write in my column this week: “[Theresa May] is not anti-globalisation… But she does want to take the edges off it, get it under control and make it neat and manageable.” Her strategy now: to insulate herself from the politics of Brexit with a ring of steel (in the form of Mr Johnson, Mr Davis, Mr Fox and Mrs Leadsom) and get on with domestic reforms.Brexit will be the defining issue of Mrs May’s premiership. It cannot just be cordoned off. Moreover, its success depends not just on how it is perceived at home, and how it goes down in the Conservative Party, but what it actually achieves. On that front, the prime minister has appointed the wrong people. Installing Mr Davis may buy her a fleeting moment of respite from the suspicious accusations of, say, John Redwood, but it does not contribute to the formation of a capable negotiating team. It is true, the MP for Haltemprice and Howden was a Europe minister in the 1990s. But he was not exactly well-suited to the job: progress in Brussels, as even Margaret Thatcher showed, is achieved by nimble deal-making, the art of persuasion and sensitivity to the political constraints on other leaders. Mr Davis demonstrated none of these. Stephen Wall, Britain’s permanent representative to the EU at the time, recalls: “Every week, before each negotiating session, I would receive pages of minute instructions from the Foreign Office, personally authorised by David Davis. The Foreign Office could have saved themselves a lot of trouble by sending a one-line instruction: ‘Just say no.’ There was virtually nothing on the agenda that was palatable to the government.”In all likelihood Mr Davis will be just as unconstructive this time: his strategy for Brexit, published just two days ago, is wildly optimistic and suggests that he is totally unprepared for the rigours of the negotiation ahead.And then there is Boris Johnson. He is a liberal at heart and probably never thought Brexit a good idea. Yet his appointment is the most troubling of all. For it suggests that the prime minister sees Brexit fundamentally as a presentational task: about appearances, about selling the deal to the audience at home.These things matter, of course. But they melt into insignificance compared with the geological scale of the mountain the country must now climb. In its continent, Britain must now rewrite its relationship with its largest trading partners, extricate itself from four decades of treaties, laws and conventions and negotiate painful trade offs. Farther afield, it must reconfigure its role in the world and its relations with other countries. This is not some hermit state, but one of the most globalised and internationally interdependent economies on the planet. It rises and falls on its relations with the outside. And in the Foreign Office, it has a Rolls Royce of a foreign ministry; storied, wise and staffed with some of the cleverest people in Europe.The new foreign secretary is clever, worldly and magnetic, as I argued in my recent profile of him. Personally he is likeable. But he is also gaffe-prone and the progenitor of a series of undiplomatic comments about other peoples. Much more damning: he is unscrupulous, unserious and poorly organised. His leadership campaign failed not because he lacked the potential to go all the way, but because he struggled with basic daily tasks. Michael Gove only plunged the dagger twixt the former mayor’s shoulder blades because he had been driven to exasperation by Mr Johnson’s forgetfulness and lack of preparation (rumour has it he had written barely a third of his announcement speech by the early hours of the day he was due to give it).On one level, it is easy to sympathise with Mrs May’s decision. Mr Johnson is weak and manageable. Packing him off to parts foreign will keep him out of the way and limit his ability to plot a new path to 10 Downing Street. He will put a Brexiteer face on a government led by a Remainer. Yet all this betrays an odd complacency about the drama into which Britain has now thrust itself. Brexit, believe it or not, is about more than opinion polls and Tory traumas.After two weeks of turmoil following Britain’s referendum decision to leave the European Union, global markets rallied, buoyed in part by a favourable jobs report from America. Employers added 287,000 jobs to the payroll last month, the biggest gain this year. TheS&P 500 rose to beat the record it set a year ago. The FTSE 250, a share index comprising mostly British companies, also advanced and was close to its pre-Brexit levels. Investors still sought out havens, however. For the first time the German government sold ten-year bonds (Europe’s benchmark issue) offering a negative yield.Talks continued in Europe over a possible rescue of Italy’s troubled banks, which have endured a further loss of investor confidence in the wake of Brexit. The head of the euro-zone group of finance ministers reiterated the official view that any rescue must observe EU rules that compel creditors to take losses before any taxpayers’ money is used.The French finance minister gave an indication of the trickiness of the discussions ahead on Britain’s exit from the EU. Michel Sapin lambasted a recent pledge by George Osborne, Britain’s erstwhile chancellor of the exchequer, to reduce corporation tax as “not a good way to start negotiations” over the UK retaining its passport for financial services in the single market. France and Germany see Britain’s desire to reduce business taxes as an attempt to create a low-tax jurisdiction not subject to EU regulations.Meanwhile, it emerged that in 2012 Mr Osborne had interceded in the US Justice Department’s investigation intoHSBC over money laundered through its American branches by Mexican drug lords. The department was considering bringing charges on top of the fines it imposed on the bank, Britain’s biggest, but Mr Osborne argued that this would destabilise a “systemically important financial institution” and lead to “contagion”.A former high-frequency trader who was found guilty last November of “spoofing”, or placing a large number of small orders electronically to create the illusion of demand and drive prices higher before cancelling them, was sentenced to three years in prison. Michael Coscia’s conviction is the first for spoofing under the Dodd-Frank financial reforms.Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, waded into the debate on low pay by promising to lift the wages of 18,000 of the bank’s lowest-paid staff. JPMorgan Chase pays a minimum of $10.15 an hour, but this will rise to between $12 and $16.50, costing the bank an estimated $100m. Announcing the step, Mr Dimon decried that fact that “wages for many Americans have gone nowhere” and said the increase in pay would help retain talented people.IKEA extended a safety recall to China, following a backlash from state newspapers and social media there. The company recently recalled 29m chests of drawers in America when the products were linked to the deaths of six toddlers who were crushed by the furniture toppling over. But China’s official news agency declared that IKEA was “arrogant” for not withdrawing the range from its Chinese stores.The steep drop in the value of the pound against the dollar was a factor behind the acquisition of the Odeon cinema chain in Britain by AMC, an American peer owned by Dalian Wanda of China. The deal is worth £921m ($1.2 billion). The seller is Guy Hands, whose private-equity firm bought Odeon in 2004.The latest craze in video games literally hit the streets. “Pokémon Go” is an alternate-reality game for smartphones. Guided by GPS, players traverse their cities seeking to “capture” Pokémon characters that pop up on the screen. Tales abounded of players finding characters in odd locations. One man even captured a character while his wife was in labour (he stopped playing during the birth). The game is part-owned by Nintendo; its share price surged.In one of the biggest-ever deals involving a sports brand WME-IMG, a talent agency, agreed to buy Ultimate Fighting Championship, which promotes mixed martial-arts tournaments and whose events are becoming as popular as boxing. The acquisition is worth $4 billion; UFC was sold in 2001 for just $2m. WME-IMG’s other assets include the Miss Universe organisation, which it bought last year from a certain Donald Trump.Anathema to some, America’s biggest brewers agreed voluntarily to place nutrition labels on bottles and cans of beer that will disclose how many calories and carbohydrates they contain. The move, to be completed by 2020, is intended to help drinkers shed their beer bellies, often gained by chugging a six-pack.Because any deals currently settled are obtained by finding a 28 nation compromise, the EU is clumsy at negotiating free trade deals. That is why we currently only have trade deals with two of our top ten non-EU trading partners.  This is incredibly important to us, as about 60 per cent of our trade is with the non-EU world. In fact, we sell as much to non-EU countries with which we have no trade agreements as we do to the EU.The first order of business is to put that right.  As the amicable statements coming from the US, Australia, China and India show, these countries are as keen to knock down trade barriers as we are.Single countries, with the ability to be flexible and focussed, negotiate trade deals far more quickly than large trade blocs.  For example, South Korea negotiated a deal with the US in a single year, and with India, which is notoriously difficult, within three years.  Chile was even faster, negotiating trade deals with China, Australia and Canada in under a year.The EU, by comparison, takes more than six years to negotiate trade deals; the deals which would most benefit us, such as those with Canada or the US, take even longer.  And without the often conflicting requirements of 28 different countries to consider, deals negotiated by single countries tend to be broader and have more favourable terms on matters that are important to us, such as services.At home, there is much we can do to make Britain a better place to do business.We should be expanding export support arrangements for companies too small to have their own export departments, but who wish to sell into these newly opened up market places: an 0800 number that a small specialist manufacturer in the North of England, say, could call for practical help in Shanghai and Sao Paolo, Cape Town and Calcutta.Regulation already in place will stay for the moment, but the flood of new regulation from Europe will be halted.  We can then look at structuring our regulatory environment so that it helps business, rather than hinders.At the moment all businesses in the UK must comply with EU regulation, even if they export nothing to the EU.  This impacts on our global competitiveness.  Instead, we should look to match regulation for companies to their primary export markets.This is one of the reasons for taking a little time before triggering Article 50.  The negotiating strategy has to be properly designed, and there is some serious consultation to be done first.   Constitutional propriety requires us to consult with the Scots, Welsh, and Northern Irish governments first, and common sense implies that we should consult with stakeholders like the City, CBI, TUC, small business bodies, the NFU, universities and research foundations and the like.  None of them should have any sort of veto, but we should try to accommodate their concerns so long as it does not compromise the main aim.