sentence
Ezra Klein directs us to the latest from the Kaiser Family Foundation, which asks what the average Obamacare 2015 premium increase will be for those places for which we have full information — and finds that premiums will actually decline slightly.
Ezra tries to get us to appreciate just how good the Obamacare news has been with a thought experiment: Imagine taking a time machine back to 2010 and telling Republicans in Congress, who were arguing that the CBO was wildly underestimating Obamacare’s cost, that the law would be cheaper than predicted and, at least in the states that accepted its Medicaid dollars, cover more people than the Congressional Budget Office thought.
After the laughing and mocking and the calling of security, let’s say you offered this prediction in the form a of a bet.
What odds do you think Obamacare’s critics would have offered?
2:1?
5:1?
10:1?
But you don’t have to go back to 2010.
Look at John Cochrane in late 2013, taking it for granted that Obamacare would implode in a death spiral within a few months.
Look at The Hill just four months ago, telling us that double-digit premium hikes were coming.
One question we might ask here is, why is the news so good?
The answer, I’d suggest — although I hope the real experts will weigh in — is that we’re actually seeing the opposite of a death spiral; call it a life spiral.
For one thing, the huge surge in enrollments late in the day meant that the risk pool this year is better than insurers expected, and they now expect 2015 to be better still.
Also, importantly, big enrollments mean that more insurers are entering the market, increasing competition.
And, of course, the better the deal the more people will sign up: success feeds success.
Another question we might ask: Is our conservatives learning?
Are those who bought into the death spiral stories, who seized on every hint of bad news, asking themselves how they got it so wrong?
Are they, maybe, considering the possibility that they’re listening to the wrong people, that maybe Jon Gruber knows what he’s talking about and John Goodman is a hack?
Hahahaha.
Vox has a great explanation of the Roman Empire in 40 maps (not all of them maps, really, but close enough); I love this sort of stuff.
A small niggle: nobody now thinks that quinqueremes had five banks of oars, which would be unwieldy to say the least; even rowing a trireme is really hard.
Probably there were only one or two banks, with multiple rowers per oar.
Anyway, great stuff; I really liked map 2, which gave me a much better appreciation for how big the empire was.
While I’m at it, let me put in a plug for Peter Temin’s lovely book on the Roman economy.
Much more fun than thinking about European stagnation.
Ebook, actually: the invaluable VoxEU has a new ebook with contributions from a lot of good people — and also one from me — which is must-reading for anyone trying to keep up with current debates about our economic prospects.
For those new to or confused by the term, secular stagnation is the claim that underlying changes in the economy, such as slowing growth in the working-age population, have made episodes like the past five years in Europe and the US, and the last 20 years in Japan, likely to happen often.
That is, we will often find ourselves facing persistent shortfalls of demand, which can’t be overcome even with near-zero interest rates.
Secular stagnation is not the same thing as the argument, associated in particular with Bob Gordon (who’s also in the book), that the growth of economic potential is slowing, although slowing potential might contribute to secular stagnation by reducing investment demand.
It’s a demand-side, not a supply-side concept.
And it has some seriously unconventional implications for policy.
Anyway, go thou and download.
You need to read this.
Robert Draper’s long magazine piece about the possibility of a “libertarian moment” has drawn a fair bit of commentary; much of it involves questioning the supposed polling evidence.
As Jonathan Chait points out, independent polling — as opposed to surveys conducted by libertarians seeking to boost their own profile — suggests that young Americans are actually much more pro-government than their elders.
They may look relatively kindly on anti-war libertarians, but they really don’t support the policy agenda.
But there’s what I would consider an even bigger problem: when it comes to substance, libertarians are living in a fantasy world.
Often that’s quite literally true: Paul Ryan thinks that we’re living in an Ayn Rand novel.
More to the point, however, the libertarian vision of the society we actually have bears little resemblance to reality.
Mike Konczal takes on a specific example: the currently trendy idea among libertarians that we can make things much better by replacing the welfare state with a basic guaranteed income.
As Mike says, this notion rests on the belief that the welfare state is a crazily complicated mess of inefficient programs, and that simplification would save enough money to pay for universal grants that are neither means-tested nor conditional on misfortune.
But the reality is nothing like that.
The great bulk of welfare-state spending comes from a handful of major programs, and these programs are fairly efficient, with low administrative costs.
Actually, the cost of bureaucracy is in general vastly overestimated.
Compensation of workers accounts for only around 6 percent of non defense federal spending, and only a fraction of that compensation goes to people you could reasonably call bureaucrats.
And what Konczal says about welfare is also true, although harder to quantify, for regulation.
For sure there are wasteful and unnecessary government regulations — but not nearly as many as libertarians want to believe.
When, for example, meddling bureaucrats tell you what you can and can’t have in your dishwashing detergent, it turns out that there’s a very good reason.
America in 2014 is not India under the License Raj.
In other words, libertarianism is a crusade against problems we don’t have, or at least not to the extent the libertarians want to imagine.
Nowhere is this better illustrated than in the case of monetary policy, where many libertarians are determined to stop the Fed from irresponsible money-printing — which is not, in fact, something it’s doing.
And what all this means in turn is that libertarianism does not offer a workable policy agenda.
I don’t mean that I dislike the agenda, which is a separate issue; I mean that if we should somehow end up with libertarian government, it would quickly find itself unable to fulfill any of its promises.
So no, we aren’t about to have a libertarian moment.
And that’s a good thing.
Thomas Palley argues that mainstream macroeconomists have been looking in all the wrong places for an explanation of the stickiness of inflation in the face of high unemployment; what they should do is consider the old Tobin approach that combines multiple sectors (so that some workers have rising wages even in an economy that’s depressed on average) with downward nominal wage rigidity.
OK, I guess I’m a bit puzzled.
I very much agree with Palley that Tobin’s approach does a lot to help explain what we’re seeing; but I don’t know why he thinks this is such a radical notion.
I’ve been telling more or less the same story for a while, explicitly name-checking Tobin; and the formal modeling of Daly and Hobijn (pdf), which I’ve cited several times, declared in its first paragraph that it’s building on Tobin’s insights.
There are slight echoes here of an earlier exchange in which Palley made other declarations about insights that New Keynesians have supposedly abandoned, which was odd because those very insights feature in a number of models.
But no matter: I do believe that Palley is on the right track here, because it’s pretty much the same track a number of us have been following for the past few years.
In a previous post I mentioned, sort of in passing, that recent data actually look like an old-fashioned pre-accelerationist Phillips curve — that is, unemployment determines the inflation rate, not the rate of change of the inflation rate.
Where did this assertion come from?
There seems to be one of these funny situations right now where people who don’t work on such issues consider this a wild and crazy, or maybe just silly assertion, while those actually doing serious empirical work treat it as a matter of course.
Here’s what you see if you look at US data: But is that just me?
No.
Consider two recent studies on unemployment and inflation.
First, there’s Michael Kiley (pdf), who had the very good idea of adding power by estimating the relationship across a number of metropolitan areas.You need to read it carefully, but it turns out that his Phillips curve is non-accelerationist for the past 15 years: We estimate equation 2 over two sample periods (as in our national es- timates), 1985-2013 and 1998-2013.
For the 1985-2013 sample, we proxy expected inflation with a region-specific intercept and the national measure of long-run expected inflation from the Survey of Professional forecasters used in our national regression; for the 1998-2013 sample, region fixed ef- fects are used to proxy for expected inflation (because, as in the national regressions presented earlier, the survey measure of expected inflation is es- sentially constant over the 1998-2013 period).
Then there’s the new post by Klitgaard and Peck at Liberty Street, which essentially does a similar exercise for eurozone countries.
Their results look like this: That’s a relationship between the change in unemployment and the change in inflation, equivalent to a relationship between the level of unemployment and the level of inflation — i.e., an old-fashioned Phillips curve.
I’m not saying that this is a fundamental truth.
All I’m saying is that people trying to fit recent data keep finding something that looks like the old-fashioned relationship.
You can offer various explanations — downward wage rigidity, anchored expectations, or maybe it just isn’t worth adjusting price-setting to match fairly small variations in expected inflation.
But anyway, that’s what the data look like.
Danny Vinik says that the “reform conservatives” may have decided to stop supporting Paul Ryan, which he says may pose a problem for the GOP’s erstwhile intellectual leader: Ryan has long had passionate supporters among conservative intellectuals.
Whenever Paul Krugman called Ryan “unserious,” they were often there to defend him.
But Ryan is walking into a fight where he may not have the support from a large swath of conservative wonks—and that could put his carefully crafted reputation at risk.
But, you know, I didn’t just call Ryan unserious; I showed that he was unserious.
It has been obvious since his first budget “plan” that he was just pretending to be a budget wonk; look even briefly at anything he has put out and it turns out to depend crucially on magic asterisks.
Strip those out and he turns out to combine huge tax cuts for the rich with savage but smaller cuts in aid to the poor and the middle class, increasing inequality while worsening the deficit.
So Ryan wasn’t just a fake wonk, but an obviously fake wonk.
And what does that say about the supposed wonks who passionately defended him?
I’ve been writing a lot lately about the continuing influence of inflation hysterics despite their awesome wrongness over the past five-plus years.
One question that naturally arises is whose interests are served by this unjustified influence.
You don’t want to be too crude about it.
I don’t think there are a lot of clear-headed hard-money types who secretly admit to themselves that their models have failed and that the policies they advocate could mire the economy in a permanent slump, but nonetheless say what will support their class interests.
Instead, interests feed ideology, and the ideologues may then be sorta-kinda sincere in their beliefs.
Still, it is worth asking who benefits from low inflation or deflation, and from higher interest rates.
And the answer, basically, is rich old men.
On the rich part: Using SIPP data, we can look at the comparison between financial assets and debt by household net worth: Only the top end have more financial assets (as opposed to real assets like housing) than they have nominal debt; so they’re much more likely to be hurt by mild inflation and be helped by deflation than the rest.
Now, it’s true that some of these financial assets are stocks, which are claims on real assets.
If we only look at interest-bearing assets, even the top group has more liabilities than assets: But the SIPP top isn’t very high; in 2007 you needed a net worth of more than $8 million just to be in the top 1 percent.
And since the ratio of interest-bearing assets to debt is clearly rising with wealth, we can be sure that the truly wealthy are indeed in the category where they have more to lose than to gain by a rise in the price level.
I won’t give a chart by age, but it’s also clearly true that the elderly rich are especially likely to own lots of bonds and not have much debt.
But what about the people I keep hearing about — struggling middle-class retirees living on the interest on their CDs?
Well, they exist, but there aren’t many of them and they’re less middle-class than you think.
Basically, inflation redistributes wealth down the scale of both wealth and age, while deflation does the reverse.
And therein lies the deep explanation for inflation hysteria.
The Fed’s efforts to boost the economy haven’t had the disastrous effects the usual suspects predicted, but it’s nonetheless true that this is no policy for rich old men (ROMs?).
And playing to the paranoia of the ROMs is basically what the WSJ editorial page, Fox News, etc.
is all about.
Danny Vinik notes that “reform conservatives”, who are trying either to rescue the right from its intellectual torpor or to provide cover for its fundamental anti-intellectualism — your choice — have gotten a fair bit of lip service for some of their ideas, but none at all for one key proposal: activist monetary policy to assure full employment.
This was predictable.
The neomonetarist movement starts from an acknowledgement of reality: shortfalls of aggregate demand do happen, and they do matter, and we need an answer.
Like the original monetarists, however, they reject any government role in the form of discretionary fiscal policy.
Instead, they argue that the Fed and its counterparts can do the job all on their own if they really want to.
I don’t buy this on the economics; to do what’s needed central banks either have to take on a lot of risk, which is in effect a form of fiscal policy, or change inflation expectations, which is far beyond conventional monetary policy.
But we don’t need to hash this out here.
The more important point is that the neomonetarists are deluded in imagining that there is any constituency for their ideas in the modern conservative movement.
Remember what happened when the Fed began a partial move toward the kind of policy they want: practically the whole Republican establishment began screaming at Ben Bernanke that he was debasing the currency.
And surely you don’t think that the failure of inflation to materialize has changed their minds.
And underlying this total opposition to monetary expansion lie two deep forces.
First, much of the right is thoroughly committed to the view that bad things only happen because of the government, that the private sector will never have problems if it has low taxes and the security of the gold standard.
Paul Ryan is effectively the intellectual leader of the GOP — and he gets his monetary economics from characters in Ayn Rand novels.
Moreover, the Kalecki argument about why business interests oppose activist fiscal policy applies to monetary policy too.
If “captains of industry” want the body politic to believe that prosperity depends on their “confidence” — so that any criticism leads to depression — they’re going to hate monetarism as much as they hate Keynesianism, because both imply that full employment depends on policy, not their hurt feelings.
So there’s really no constituency for neomonetarism.
Milton Friedman would be an isolated outcast in today’s conservative movement, and his would-be successors have no home.
Ah — so we learn that Ezra Klein’s Vox is under attack — as is the current Democratic agenda — because it’s “tired”, recycling ideas from the 60s and even earlier.
Indeed.
You know what else is tired?
The whole engineering agenda, which keeps recycling old ideas like conservation of energy and mass.
The point, of course, is that attacking ideas simply because they’ve been around for a long time is an act of deep intellectual laziness.
What matters is whether the ideas work; clinging to old ideas only becomes a problem if you refuse to change in the face of contrary evidence.
Yes, liberals call for progressive taxation and redistribution to limit inequality and reduce poverty; these aren’t new ideas, but they are ideas that work.
Conservatives cling to supply-side economics, which is also an old idea — but the problem is that it’s an idea that keeps failing, but they refuse to accept that reality.
A case in point: remember the attempt to privatize Social Security in 2005?
A fair number of allegedly liberal commentators supported that effort, on the grounds that we needed new structures for the information age, or something.
In fact, a simple defined-benefit program makes even more sense in an unstable economic landscape.
The age of the idea is neither here nor there.
And sometimes old ideas that have for whatever reason fallen out of the discourse can actually be liberating, even revolutionary — which is why Mark Thoma’s classic remark that “new economic thinking means reading old books” was so on the mark.
The liquidity trap is an old idea, going back in essentially its modern form to Hicks 1937, yet people who understood it came across as radicals after 2008 — and were right.
So yes, the liberal agenda these days involves a lot of harking back to old concepts — concepts that were largely abandoned during the era of right-wing ascendancy.
But those old concepts worked, whereas the “new” (now themselves quite old) ideas didn’t.
Back to the future!
Sorry about two-day silence — busy with real life and various obligations.
Resurfacing, I find that I have confused Ryan Avent by asserting that the United States is lousy at exporting.
Mea culpa — I didn’t explain my criteria.
But we are indeed lousy.
As Avent says, you can’t assess our export competence by looking at our trade balance — the trade balance is a macroeconomic phenomenon, determined by the excess of savings over investment.
What you can look at, however, is the real exchange rate — and, in particular, the relative unit labor cost — at which a given trade balance is achieved.
And what you see here is that the U.S. consistently does well on international productivity comparisons, including those limited to manufacturing; and it also pays manufacturing workers less than many other advanced countries, as I showed in the previous post.
So you would expect U.S. manufacturing to be super-competitive on world markets (or you would expect the dollar to rise so that our trade deficit occurs via high labor costs).
You don’t.
And this situation, where U.S. manufacturing looks very competitive by the numbers but doesn’t seem that way when you look at trade flows, has persisted for decades.
I remember talking about it with Rudi Dornbusch when I was in graduate school!
Just to be clear, this isn’t a major problem for the U.S. economy.
If we were better at exporting we’d have better terms of trade, and slightly higher real income, but we’re not talking about large numbers.
But it is a puzzle.
Jill Lepore has a great article in the New Yorker debunking the hyping of “disruptive innovation” as the key to success in business and everything else.
It’s not a bah-humbug piece; it is instead a careful takedown, in which she goes back to the case studies supposedly showing the overwhelming importance of upstart innovators, and shows that what actually happened didn’t fit the script.
Specifically, many of the “upstarts” were actually long-established firms, and more often than not the big payoffs went not to disruptive innovators but to firms that focused on incremental change and ordinary forms of efficiency and quality.
Andrew Leonard reports that Silicon Valley types are not pleased.
You can understand why.
But their annoyance also tells you why the whole disruptive innovation thing took off: it glamorizes business, it lets nerdy guys come across as bold heroes.
The same impulse, I think, is why Schumpeter gets cited so much.
If you read his stuff directly, it’s interesting, I guess, although his attempts to explain the business cycle were a waste of good paper.
But it’s that glamorizing phrase “creative destruction” that did it, because it’s so flattering to the big money (and excuses a lot of suffering, too).
Lepore tells us that innovation became a popular buzzword in the 1990s.
I guess I thought it came much earlier — I wrote about product-cycle models of trade back in the 1970s, and even then I was formalizing a much older literature.
And in trade, as in business competition, it’s far from clear that the big rewards go to those who trash the past and invent new stuff.
What’s the most remarkable export success story out there?
Surely it’s Germany, which manages to be an export powerhouse despite very high labor costs.
How do the Germans do it?
Not by constantly coming out with revolutionary new products, but by producing very high quality goods for which people are willing to pay premium prices.
So here’s a revolutionary thought: maybe we need to do less disruption and put more effort into doing whatever we do well.
1.
How can we incentivize students to stop using “impact” as a verb?
2.
How can we impact their writing in a way that stops them from using the word “incentivize”?
3.
Can we make it a principal principle of writing that “principle” and “principal” mean different things, and you have to know which is which?
That is all.
Most discussion about the possibility of secular stagnation has focused on US data, partly because most of the new secular stagnationists are American, partly because the data are easier to work with.
But as Izabella Kaminska and James Mackintosh point out, the euro area seems closer to Japanification than the US.
So are there structural changes in Europe that arguably will lead to persistently lower demand unless offset by policy?
Indeed there are.
Start with demography: a falling rate of growth in the working-age population leads, other things equal, to lower investment as a share of GDP, because there is less need to equip workers with new factories, office buildings, houses, etc.
And if we look at working-age population for the US, the euro area (EA), and Japan we see that Europe is now where Japan was around 1998, when I and other Japan worriers started talking in earnest about liquidity traps: Add to this the end of ever-increasing leverage.
In the US we focus on how ever-growing household debt was a major source of demand before 2008, which won’t come back; in Europe much the same was going on, but it also makes sense to focus on a different measure, large capital flows to peripheral countries, which won’t come back even if the woes of austerity abate.
And these flows were a big part of overall European demand before the crisis: So with a shrinking working-age population and without the boost to demand caused by the capital-flow bubble, Europe is extremely likely to have a significantly lower natural real rate of interest heading forward than it had in the past.
This in turn suggests that it’s a really really bad idea to let inflation drift down, whether or not it turns into outright deflation.
Ambrose Evans-Pritchard draws our attention to a speech by Jaime Caruana, General Manager of the Bank for International Settlements.
It is indeed a quite remarkable speech — and I mean that in the worst way; it’s a perfect illustration of the way permahawks keep finding new arguments for their never-changing demand that we raise interest rates now now now.
Some background: the BIS has spent almost the whole period since the financial crisis struck calling for tighter money.
Oddly, however, it keeps changing its justifications for that call.
At first it was dire warnings of inflation just around the corner.
Then it was financial instability.
Now, with low inflation and possible deflation a growing concern, Mr. Caruana argues that (a) deflation is not so bad (b) we’re in a balance sheet slump, and that means loose money is bad.
On the first point, isn’t it quite remarkable how the BIS has slid from warning about inflation — and dismissing concerns about deflation — to saying that deflation is OK?
Beyond that, the main case for arguing that deflation is OK is economic growth during the late 19th century.
Is that really a good model?
Just to take the most obvious point: the late 19th century was marked by rapid population growth in the “zones of recent settlement” (basically places where Europeans were moving in, displacing or wiping out the locals).
In the United States, population grew 2 percent a year from 1880-1910, sustaining high investment demand.
And the zones of recent settlement also offered an outlet for very large capital outflows from Europe.
In other words, the global situation was conducive to a high natural real rate of interest, making mild deflation much more sustainable than in today’s world.
I’ll probably want to write more about Gilded Age deflation.
But for now, let me turn to the balance-sheet thing.
Mr. Caruana draws a distinction between the view that we’re suffering from inadequate aggregate demand, and what he claims is a contrasting view that the problem is too much debt; and he claims that the excess debt/balance sheet approach implies that expansionary monetary policy is unhelpful and counterproductive.
And I wonder what on earth he’s talking about.
It’s true that balance-sheet considerations were underemphasized in macroeconomics until recently.
But it’s not too hard to put them into a more or less New Keynesian model — see, in particular (ahem) Eggertsson and Krugman (pdf).
And what this analysis tells you is that expansionary monetary policy is more, not less, helpful than a model without balance-sheet effects would suggest, because high income and prices reduce the burden of debt.
And conversely, deflation is much worse in a debt-laden world than without, again because of its effect on the real burden.
You don’t have to take my word for it — read Irving Fisher from 1933!
So how does the balance-sheet story turn into a case for tight money?
I have no idea — there’s certainly no clear explanation in the Caruana speech.
By all means let’s talk about balance-sheet effects.
But is it really too much to demand a model, or at least a carefully spelled-out mechanism?
Right now it looks as if the BIS is claiming that balance sheets make the case for tight money because in Basel everything makes the case for tight money.
America, it goes without saying, has a powerful, crazy right wing.
There’s nothing equivalent on the left — yes, there are individual crazy leftists, but nothing like the organized, lavishly financed madness on the right.
But centrists have a very hard time acknowledging this asymmetry; they love to assert that both sides are equally wrong — and often seem to feel the need to invent extreme positions when they don’t actually exist.
Which brings me to this critical piece by Chris House.
A while back House declared that both Ed Prescott and yours truly say crazy things; when asked for an example of me saying something remotely equivalent to something like Prescott’s declaration that there is no evidence that Fed policy matters, he never did answer.
Now House takes me and Noah Smith to task for preaching to the left-wing echo chamber in what we wrote about the Tom Sargent speech that’s making the rounds.
And once again I have to wonder whether he actually read what I wrote, or simply assumed that it must be over the top.
First, House apparently missed the fact that I was explicitly not attacking Sargent; instead, I was questioning the efforts of people at AEI to promote a speech given in 2007, before the financial crisis, as the essence of wisdom in a world suffering a prolonged slump.
Second, House criticizes me for questioning the tradeoff between inequality and growth — but without quoting what I actually said.
Here it is: So, about the not so time-dependent points: Sargent declared as a principle, “There are tradeoffs between equality and efficiency.” Well, every economist would agree that Cuban-type equality is bad for efficiency.
But would reducing our current level of inequality reduce efficiency?
That’s far from clear: there are a number of reasons to believe that high levels of inequality have adverse effects on economic growth – and evidence to that effect is coming not from fringe leftists but from places like the IMF.
That seems pretty qualified to me — not a general assertion that there is never a tradeoff, but a suggestion that at current levels of inequality the tradeoff isn’t clear, backed by a link to serious research.
What should I have said?
Must one refuse to mention IMF research because it might reverberate in the echo chamber?
If you ask me, the real echo chamber here is the centrist echo chamber — and yes, it exists.
In this chamber everyone knows that people like me are just as bad as the crazies on the right, and they know it because everyone says it.
But where is the evidence?
I happened to notice Greg Mankiw citing some bogus claims that the one percent is an ever-changing group, not a persistent elite, and I thought “Wait — didn’t we deal with that one long ago?” And that brought to mind the piece I wrote for the American Prospect 22 years ago, “The rich, the right, and the facts.” (It doesn’t say this on the Prospect site, but it was indeed published in 1992).
See the section on income mobility.
The truth is that inequality denial is largely a crusade of cockroaches — the same bad arguments just keep coming back.
Oh, and I do think that my old piece looks surprisingly contemporary.
In particular, I was focused on the one percent even then.
I’m a little late to this, but there’s lately been some buzz about the unearthing of Tom Sargent’s 2007 graduation speech, in which he briefly laid out 12 principles of economics.
For the most part the speech is getting favorable attention.
So let me be a spoilsport.
It’s not so much that what Sargent said is wrong, although some of his principles are by no means universally agreed upon, even in normal times.
What’s so striking about Sargent’s points is that it’s hard to think of a worse time to cite them.
And the people citing that old speech clearly have ulterior motives.
So, about the not so time-dependent points: Sargent declared as a principle, “There are tradeoffs between equality and efficiency.” Well, every economist would agree that Cuban-type equality is bad for efficiency.
But would reducing our current level of inequality reduce efficiency?
That’s far from clear: there are a number of reasons to believe that high levels of inequality have adverse effects on economic growth – and evidence to that effect is coming not from fringe leftists but from places like the IMF.
The main point, however, is that Sargent’s principles aren’t actually immutable truths; they’re statements about a fairly efficient market economy not too far from full employment.
Even leaving general issues of market failure aside, they seem remarkably off-point in an economy still suffering from high unemployment and excess desired savings (as evidenced by the fact that interest rates are at the zero lower bound).
So when Sargent reminds us that communities face trade-offs, that’s much less clear at a time when the community is not at all like an individual – in which there are substantial amounts of unemployed resources, and putting those resources to work would be pure gain, not a tradeoff.
And then he tells us this: When a government spends, its citizens eventually pay, either today or tomorrow, either through explicit taxes or implicit ones like inflation.
There are very good reasons to believe that this is just wrong under current conditions.
There’s overwhelming evidence that in an economy against the zero lower bound government spending has a large, positive multiplier, so the goods the government buys don’t come at the expense of other consumption or investment; and there’s a reasonable argument to the effect that even in purely fiscal terms spending more than pays for itself.
Now, when Sargent gave that speech – before the financial crisis – he could reasonably have imagined that conditions under which his eternal truths weren’t true would be rare.
But at this point we’ve been against the zero lower bound for more than five years, and we’re talking seriously about the possibility that depression-like conditions are the new normal.
So why the sudden attention to Sargent’s 2007 speech?
I think it’s fairly obvious: it’s essentially stealth anti-Keynesian propaganda, cloaked in the form of a widely respected and liked economist uttering what sound like eternal truths.
But they aren’t, and the real goal here is to undermine the case for fighting unemployment in the here and now.
There are virtues to that 2007 talk, but right now is no time for 2007 Sargent.
A correspondent points me to the news from Sweden, which has stopped flirting with deflation and moved right in.
Here’s inflation excluding food, energy, tobacco, and alcohol: It’s amazing: Sweden, which at first weathered the crisis fairly well, and faced none of the institutional constraints of the euro area, has managed — completely gratuitously — to get itself into a deflationary trap.
The Riksbank says, in effect, that nobody could have predicted this development.
But of course its own former deputy governor — and my former colleague — Lars Svensson, more or less frantically warned that the Riksbank was making a terrible mistake by tightening money despite low inflation and lots of economic slack.
His reward was increasing isolation, and eventually departure.
You see, all the VSSPs — very serious Swedish people — knew that it was important to raise interest rates because, well, because.
And getting out of the trap is going to be very hard.
I’d like to imagine that people will admit that Lars was right all along, and that in general the urge to purge has been highly destructive.
But my guess is that he’ll still be considered unsound — he was prematurely anti-deflationist — and that tight-money advocates will continue to be regarded as reliable, prudent people even as they lead us into long-run stagnation.
I can easily understand it when people don’t know the facts about economic statistics; you need a fair bit of background knowledge even to know how to look these things up.
It’s more surprising when people don’t know what they don’t know — when they make confident assertions that can be proved false in a few seconds by anyone who does know these things.
I had a one-on-one encounter with Rand Paul over such a case; there our heads were, talking on TV, and he insisted that government employment had risen under Obama.
(It has actually plunged.)
At the very least, you’d think he would have learned a lesson from the experience.
But no.
There he goes, saying When is the last time in our country we created millions of jobs?
It was under Ronald Reagan … Hmmm: It’s not just that more jobs were created under Clinton, who raised taxes on the rich, than under Reagan; I wonder how many people know that more jobs were created under Jimmy Carter than under either Bush?
But I guess I really do understand it: according to right-wing theology, The Blessed Reagan’s tax cuts must have created far more jobs than the policies of evil redistributors.
And so that’s what must have happened.
Hey, Clinton was probably cooking the books.
Ever since the financial crisis struck, we’ve suffered grievously from the tyranny of respectable opinion.
As I’ve often argued, the problem with our inadequate and often perverse response to mass unemployment isn’t that we lack a workable economic framework; basic IS-LMish macroeconomics has, in fact, provided quite good guidance.The problem, instead, has been that following economic logic has been deemed unserious.
Serious people want balanced budgets and price stability, never mind what the textbooks say.
This has among other things led to the peculiar result that respectable people grab on to academic papers that present dubious nonstandard results — expansionary austerity!
A debt cliff at 90 percent!
— while radicals like me are the ones citing Econ 101.
In all of this, the IMF has played a somewhat strange role.
It is, institutionally, the very model of respectability; historically, its main role has arguably been to impose austerity of one kind or another.
Yet it has a sophisticated, fairly Keynesian research department — and management that actually listens to that department (as opposed to, say, the European Commission, whose attitude seems to be,”If I want your opinion I’ll tell you what it is.”) You might imagine that the IMF would therefore take the lead in challenging respectable opinion when it’s dead wrong.
But it obviously feels constrained; its rebellions against respectability have to be discreet.
And the result is a proliferation of euphemisms.
There’s a fine example in the latest World Economic Outlook, which makes a strong case that “normal” real interest rates have fallen substantially over time, and not just because of the financial crisis: What does this imply for policy?
Here we go: With respect to monetary policy, a period of continued low real interest rates could mean that the neutral policy rate will be lower than it was in the 1990s or the early 2000s.
It could also increase the probability that the nominal interest rate will hit the zero lower bound in the event of adverse shocks to demand with inflation targets of about 2 percent.
This, in turn, could have implications for the appropriate monetary policy framework.
What does that actually say?
Well, my subtitled version says this: Raise the inflation target to 4 percent, dummies.
But the IMF wouldn’t,and presumably can’t, say that outright.
And I suspect that the people who need to hear that won’t at all get what the Fund is really saying.
Secular stagnation, here we come.
Link fixed Slides here (pdf).
Update: And the 4th-ranking Republican in the Senate is already accusing the administration of cooking the books.
I really think the possibility that the ACA might actually work never occurred to them.
It’s not in itself that big a deal, but I’m somewhat amazed by what amounts to a de facto blackout by major news media on a developing story that’s really obvious if you read the invaluable Charles Gaba, or even the White House blog: a huge surge in Obamacare enrollments in the final days of the signup period.
The print sources I read are still putting out basically downbeat reports about the ACA, with maybe a mention 10 paragraphs in that exchange enrollments passed the 6 million mark last week.
I don’t watch cable news, but from what I hear it’s all still Malaysian airways.
In the end, I guess it won’t matter in a direct sense; the final number for year 1, which looks likely to be very close to the original 7 million projection, will eventually come out.
But you wonder why news media that are happy to speculate about the 2016 election aren’t interested in at least putting out a heads-up about the strong possibility of a bombshell number next week.
And where I think this does matter is that it shows a persistent slant in much reporting toward emphasizing the negatives about health reform.
The website woes were, and deserved to be, a big story; the quite amazing comeback somehow doesn’t fit the preferred narrative, and is being ignored — and this despite the fact that, as Gaba notes, it offers great visuals too.
The title above was one of the four rules for research I laid out many years ago; it seems worth recalling when reading Lars Syll’s diatribe against IS-LM.
I would respectfully submit that Syll doesn’t get what economic modeling is for.
And his piece offers an occasion to talk about what it actually is for.
Syll complains that IS-LM is a “brilliantly silly gadget” that “doesn’t adequately reflect the width and depth of Keynes’s insights on the workings of modern market economies.” Well, of course it doesn’t.
It’s a model – a simplification of reality designed to provide useful insight into particular questions.
And since 2008 it has done that job, yes, brilliantly.
Before I turn to Syll’s critique, let me summarize my understanding of one of the great turning points in the practice of economics – the turn away from institutional economics in the 1940s and 1950s.
Until that time, institutional economics – generally taking the form of long, discursive books rich in historical detail – had been a strong presence in U.S. thought.
But then came Samuelson and associates, and models took over.
Why did this happen?
It wasn’t, as some might imagine, about free-market ideology: Samuelson started with Keynesian macro (or “Keynesian” macro, if you feel the urge to claim that the master meant something different), and in fact faced a fierce campaign by right-wingers to keep his work out of the schools.
No, what happened was the Great Depression.
Think about it.
Here we had an utter catastrophe, and people wanted answers: how could this happen, what can we do?
Institutional economics replied, in effect, by saying “Clearly what is happening is a complex process with deep historical roots.
We need to address those complexities.
It would be foolish to expect easy answers.” Meanwhile, American Keynesians said, “We have inadequate demand.
Increase government spending!” And the Keynesians were right, confirming the sense that they had something useful to offer, while the institutional tradition came up short.
So now we come into another great crisis, and again we want answers.
What will reduce unemployment, and what will make it worse?
What effects can we expect from a huge expansion of the Fed’s balance sheet?
What about unprecedented peacetime budget deficits?
What about austerity programs?
I read Syll’s paean to Minsky, and I have no idea how he would answer any of these questions.
What I suspect, however, is that he would talk about complexity and nuance, and then propose answers without basing them on any model at all – which would in fact mean engaging in implicit theorizing, and probably fairly crude implicit theorizing at that.
You see that a lot among people who reject IS-LM as too simple and unsubtle: what they have ended up doing in practice, for the most part, is predicting soaring inflation and interest rates, because whether they know it or not they have effectively reverted to crude quantity-theory and loanable-funds models.
Meanwhile, those of us working with IS-LM, and arguing that we had entered a liquidity trap, predicted little effect from the Fed’s balance sheet expansion, certainly not an explosion of inflation; low interest rates despite government borrowing; severe adverse effects from austerity.
And we were right – because in reality, using a “silly” little model is a lot more sophisticated than talking grandly about complexity, and then trying to make diagnoses with no explicit model at all.
IS-LM isn’t a model of life, the universe, and everything.
It’s a minimalist gadget designed to let you think coherently about the interactions among money, bond markets, and the real economy.
And it has performed extremely well in our time of need.
One problem the Piketty work I discuss in today’s column may have — at least in America — is the widespread perception, even among those who take inequality seriously, that it’s all about compensation, that wealth inequality isn’t that big an issue, and that inheritance is also not that big an issue.
We think hedge fund managers, not Kochs and Waltons.
But is this perception right?
A lot of it seems to be based on the Fed’s Survey of Consumer Finances — but this may have trouble tracking really huge fortunes for the same reasons standard income surveys have trouble tracking really high incomes.
And the problem is especially acute because wealth distribution is even more skewed than income distribution.
So it turns out that Emmanuel Saez and Gabriel Zucman have been developing an alternative procedure for estimating top wealth shares — preliminary slides here (pdf) — and it tells a very different story from the common one.
According to their estimates, the wealth share of the very wealthy is in fact all the way back to Gilded Age levels: Meanwhile, focusing on the upper middle class, which is still fashionable among some pundits, misses the whole thing, because everyone below the 99th percentile has actually been left behind: If Saez and Zucman are right, and I have every reason to believe that they are, even those upset by trends in US inequality are living in the past.
They still think Gordon Gekko is the problem — but if you look at my first chart, you see that things have moved on a lot since 1987, when Wall Street came out.
Back then scrappy self-made predators ruled; now we’re much more likely to be talking about their children and heirs.
Patrimonial capitalism is already here, to a much greater extent than people realize.
The new FiveThirtyEight is up, and Tyler Cowen is not impressed.
I’m sorry to say that I had the same reaction.
Here’s hoping that Nate Silver and company up their game, soon.
What worries me, based on what we’ve seen so far — which isn’t much, but shouldn’t the site have debuted with a bang?
— is that it looks as if the Silverites have misunderstood their mission.
Nate’s manifesto proclaims his intention to be a fox, who knows many things, rather than a hedgehog, who knows just one big thing; i.e., a pundit who repeats the same assertions in every column.
I’m fine with that.
But you can’t be an effective fox just by letting the data speak for itself — because it never does.
You use data to inform your analysis, you let it tell you that your pet hypothesis is wrong, but data are never a substitute for hard thinking.
If you think the data are speaking for themselves, what you’re really doing is implicit theorizing, which is a really bad idea (because you can’t test your assumptions if you don’t even know what you’re assuming.)
I feel bad about picking on a young staffer, but I think this piece on corporate cash hoards — which is the site’s inaugural economic analysis — is a good example.
The post tells us that the much-cited $2 trillion corporate cash hoard has been revised down by half a trillion dollars.
That’s kind of interesting, I guess, although it’s striking that the post offers neither a link to the data nor a summary table of pre- and post-revision numbers; I’m supposed to know my way around these numbers, and I can’t figure out exactly which series they’re referring to.
(Use FRED!)
More to the point, however, what does this downward revision tell us?
We’re told that the “whole narrative” is gone; which narrative?
Is the notion that profits are high, but investment remains low, no longer borne out by the data?
(I’m pretty sure it’s still true.)
What is the model that has been refuted?
“Neener neener, people have been citing a number that was wrong” is just not helpful.
Tell me something meaningful!
Tell me why the data matter!
I’ve finally gotten around to a careful read of the new IMF paper on redistribution and growth (pdf) — which concludes that there is no negative effect of redistributionist policies, at least within the range we normally see, and quite possibly a positive effect from the reduction in inequality.
I like this conclusion, politically — which is a good reason to kick the tires, and I’ll present some cautions in a later post.
For now, however, a quick-and-dirty piece of data analysis inspired by the paper’s method.
Ostry et al measure redistribution by the difference between the Gini coefficient (a measure of inequality) before and after taxes and transfers.
The LIS project, with which I will soon be associated, has done this for a number of countries (pdf), so we can all do such exercises.
So what I found myself thinking about was the common trope on the right that the economic crisis is the result of overlarge welfare states.
This is generally stated not as a hypothesis but as a fact.
But what do the data say?
First, look at a sample of advanced countries, and compare the LIS measure of redistribution with their economic performance in the first five years of the ongoing economic crisis: There is a suggestion of a slight negative correlation, and if you fit a regression line it is indeed downward-sloping, although the slope isn’t significant.
But you can see right away that this result is driven by the relatively good performance of Anglo-Saxon countries that arguably gain from not being on the euro.
Suppose we restrict the sample to countries on or pegged to the euro (Denmark).
It looks like this: There is, it turns out, a fair bit of variation among euro area countries in the amount of redistribution — and there is actually a positive correlation between redistribution and growth over the post-crisis period, significant at the 10 percent level.
Overall, the data offer no reason to believe that the economic crisis has something to do with the welfare state — an empirical observation that will have no impact whatsoever on the right’s convictions.
And then wait some more — a lot more.
There’s a growing meme in discussions of monetary policy to the effect that we’re actually getting close to full employment, because the long-term unemployed don’t actually count in wage determination.
Soon, this story goes, wages will start to rise, and so it’s time to get ready for monetary tightening.
This is a terrible idea.
For one thing, we can speculate all we like about the true state of labor markets, but we won’t really know until we start seeing solid wage increases.
So why not wait until that happens?
Now, you might say that it’s important to get ahead of the curve, lest inflation rear its ugly head.
But this is in fact a case where you really want to be behind the curve.
Look at what has happened to wage growth since the crisis began.
The various series are noisy; I’ve followed Goldman Sachs in using principal components to take a weighted average of nonsupervisory wages, total compensation, and the employment cost index.
Still a bit jumpy, but the picture seems fairly clear: So far, no clear sign that wage growth is accelerating.
Even more important, however, wages are growing much more slowly now than they were before the crisis.
There is no argument I can think of for not wanting wage growth to get at least back to pre-crisis levels before tightening.
In fact, given that we’ve now seen just how dangerous the “lowflation” trap is, we should be aiming for a significantly higher underlying rate of growth in wages and prices than we previously thought appropriate.
So even if we believe that full employment is now 6.5 percent unemployment or something like that — and I’m not at all convinced — we need a period of overfull employment to get inflation back up to where it should be.
There is absolutely no case for monetary tightening for a long time to come.
We’re getting reports about Paul Ryan’s performance at CPAC, the big conservative gathering — and they’re actually kind of awesome, in the worst way.
I mean, the caricature of Ryan and people like him is that they treat the hardships of poverty as if they were merely psychological, that they talk big about dignity while ignoring the difficulty of getting essentials like food and health care.
Well, it’s not a caricature: Ryan says never mind having enough to eat, it’s about spirituality: “The left is making a big mistake,” Ryan predicted.
“What they’re offering people is a full stomach and an empty soul.
People don’t just want a life of comfort.
They want a life of dignity, they want a life of self determination.” Um, yes, but how dignified can you be on an empty stomach?
How much self-determination do you have?
And who is supposed to value dignity over having enough to eat?
Children.
Ryan tells an anecdote about one sad child: “He told Eloise he didn’t want a free lunch.
He wanted his own lunch, one in a brown-paper bag just like the other kids,” he continued.
“He wanted one, he said, because he knew a kid with a brown-paper bag had someone who cared for him.
This is what the left does not understand.” And if the child’s mother can’t provide that lunch in a brown paper bag, then what?
The total failure to accept that the poor face real physical hardship, that affluent politicians have no business lecturing people having trouble buying food or having trouble paying for health care about dignity, is just stunning.
Via the always invaluable Mark Thoma, the IMF blog — yes, the IMF has in effect become an econblogger — has a terrific piece on the problem with low inflation in Europe.
It’s the perfect antidote to the do-nothing voices insisting that there’s no problem, because we don’t see actual deflation yet.
Part of the IMF analysis concerns debt dynamics.
They don’t put it quite this way, but I’d say that to have debt deflation — in which falling prices due to a weak economy increase the real burden of debt, which depresses the economy further, and so on — you don’t need to have literal deflation.
The process begins as soon as you have lower inflation than expected when interest rates were set.
It’s also noteworthy that inflation rates in the highly indebted countries are all well below the eurozone average (pdf), with actual deflation in Greece and near-deflation in the rest.
So the debt deflation spiral is in fact well underway.
Beyond that, the trouble with low inflation is that it exacerbates the problem posed by the two zeroes — the impossibility of cutting interest rates below zero and the great difficulty of cutting nominal wages.
Is ECB policy constrained by the zero lower bound?
You could argue that it isn’t, since it could cut a bit further than it has but hasn’t.
I’d argue, however, that if nominal interest rates were much higher — say, 4 percent — but the overall euro macro situation were what it is, with inflation clearly below target and unemployment very high, the ECB wouldn’t (and certainly shouldn’t) hesitate at all about cutting rates substantially.
It’s only the fact that zero is already so close that makes cutting rates seem like a big deal, an admission that things are looking dangerous (which they are).
Meanwhile, the zero on wages is hugely important now.
The fundamental issue here is that Spain (and other debtors) needs to reduce its wages relative to Germany, reversing the runup in relative wages during the bubble years.
The argument some of us have been making for a long time is that it’s vastly easier if this adjustment takes place via rising German wages rather than falling Spanish wages — partly because of the debt dynamics, but also and crucially because it’s very hard to cut nominal wages.
What would you look for if downward nominal wage rigidity were a seriously binding constraint?
A spike in the distribution of actual wage changes at zero.
And sure enough: To be technical about it: Yowza.
This is prima facie evidence that excessively low European inflation is already a huge problem.
The point is that there is no red line at zero inflation; excessively low inflation is still a very severe problem, especially given the European situation, even if the number is positive.
So when people warn about Europe’s potential Japanification, they’re way behind the curve.
Europe is already experiencing all the woes one associates with deflation, even though it’s only low inflation so far; and the human and social costs are, of course, far worse than Japan ever experienced.
This need not lead to a breakup of the euro: Pessimists on that front, me very much included, misjudged the strength of European elites’ commitment to the project.
But the euro might yet survive — and be a continuing disaster.
We now know that many key people at the Fed spent 2008, the year of financial doom, obsessing about inflation, which wasn’t a threat at all.
This is not good; what’s even not-gooder is that, as David Glasner and others have pointed out, the central bankers who got this so completely wrong remain in positions of great influence, and show no sign of having rethought their views.
But can we say that the Fed’s inflation-phobia caused the panic, and maybe even the Great Recession?
I don’t think so.
That’s not to deny that the inflation phobia was a remarkable thing.
Inflation in early 2008, like the later blip in 2010-11, was driven by commodity prices, and especially by gasoline prices.
And the evidence is just overwhelming that while spikes in gas prices can push inflation up or down in the short run, they have no, zero, zip predictive power over inflation looking forward.
Here are two quick-and-dirty graphs covering the period since 1986.
First, annual averages of the rate of change in gasoline prices versus the rate of change of overall CPI: A fairly strong relationship; in fact, gas prices explain a significant part of inflation variation year to year.
But should you look at a gas price spike and worry that it presages a general rise in inflation?
No, a thousand times no.
Here’s the annual change in gas prices against the inflation rate over the next three years: Not a hint of sustained impact.
So you really have to wonder about people for whom it is always 1979, who always take any bump in gas prices as a reason to worry about runaway inflation.
Incidentally, do these people react to falling gas prices by worrying about deflation or at any rate below-target inflation?
My impression is no.
We’ll be able to test that once we see the 2009 transcripts, but I’ll bet that the inflation hawks of 2008, so worried about rising prices then, showed no comparable concern over the impacts of plunging commodity prices the next year.
In other words, I’m pretty sure that we’re seeing a general proclivity toward finding reasons to tighten, rather than simply a flawed model.
So plenty of blame to be sent the Fed’s way.
But was inflation phobia that crucial in the crisis and the slump that followed and continues to this day?
I’d say no, for two reasons.
First, preventing the financial crisis would have taken a lot more than cutting the Fed funds rate to zero in September 2008 rather than December.
We were in the midst of an epic housing bust, which was in turn causing a collapse in the value of mortgage-backed securities, which in turn was causing a collapse of confidence in financial firms.
Cutting rates from very low to extremely low a few months earlier wouldn’t have stopped that collapse.
What was needed to end the run on Wall Street was a bailout — both the actual funds disbursed and the reassurance that the authorities would step in if necessary.
And that wasn’t in the cards until, as Rick Mishkin observed in the transcripts, “something hit the fan.” Second, even avoiding the financial panic almost surely wouldn’t have meant avoiding a prolonged economic slump.
How do we know this?
Well, what we actually know is that the panic was in fact fairly short-lived, ending in the spring of 2009.
It doesn’t really matter which measure of financial stress you use, they all look like this: Yet the economy didn’t come roaring back, and in fact still hasn’t.
Why?
Because the housing bust and the overhang of household debt are huge drags on demand, even if there isn’t a panic in the financial market.
So a pox on inflation phobia, and boo for the inflation-phobes who have learned nothing.
But they didn’t cause the mess we’re in.
Greg Mankiw has written another defense of the 0.1 percent — and this one is kind of amazing.
Before I get to the amazing part, however, can I say enough with the movie stars.
Yes, a handful of media stars make a lot of money.
But they are a trivial part of the story (pdf): The upper tiers of the income distribution are overwhelmingly occupied by executives of one kind or another — corporate, finance, real estate, and lawyers who are surely more corporate than Perry Mason.
And even the biggest names in media aren’t real players.
Remember, the 40 top-paid hedge fund managers and traders made an average of more than $400 million each in 2012.
Which brings me to the amazing part of the column.
Mankiw invokes the strong role of financial fortunes in U.S. inequality to argue that the incomes are deserved: A similar case is the finance industry, where many hefty compensation packages can be found.
There is no doubt that this sector plays a crucial economic role.
Those who work in banking, venture capital and other financial firms are in charge of allocating the economy’s investment resources.
They decide, in a decentralized and competitive way, which companies and industries will shrink and which will grow.
It makes sense that a nation would allocate many of its most talented and thus highly compensated individuals to the task.
Has Greg been living in a cave since 2006?
We’re now in the seventh year of a slump brought on by Wall Street excess; the wizardly job of “allocating the economy’s investment resouces” consisted, we now know, largely of funneling money into a real estate bubble, using fancy financial engineering to create the illusion of sound, safe investment.
We also know that there is a real question whether hedge funds, in particular, actually destroy value for their investors.
One more thing: Mankiw argues that our tax system is fair because the top 0.1 percent pays a higher share of income in federal taxes than the middle class.
This neglects the partial offset of this progressivity by regressive state and local taxes.
But surely the main point is that to the extent that taxes on the 0.1 percent are high (they aren’t really, in historical context) that’s largely because Mitt Romney lost the 2012 election, so that Obama’s partial rollback of the Bush tax cuts and the high-income surcharges that partially finance health reform remained in place and the Ryan budget didn’t happen.
It’s kind of funny to claim that our system is fair thanks to policies that you and your friends tried desperately to kill.
Anyway, the wolves of Wall Street are more Gordon Gekko than Iron Man; if they’re the best argument you have for the justice of extreme inequality, you’re not doing too well.
Jonathan Gruber is mad as hell, and he’s not going to take it anymore.
The eminent health care economist and health reform architect is annoyed at Casey Mulligan’s latest, which misrepresents Gruber’s views; mine too.
Gruber is right to be mad: that was a disgraceful, deceptive column.
But I think you also want to put it into a larger picture: the enduring myth of the stupid progressive economist.
So about Mulligan: As Gruber documents, he pulls multiple fast ones, asserting things that he says are conclusions of the CBO report when they aren’t — they’re his own views, pulled out of, um, thin air, or maybe someplace else, which he is projecting onto the budget office to make them seem authoritative.
Beyond that, Mulligan tells his readers that both Gruber and I are too dumb or craven to admit that the disincentives to work created by some aspects of the Affordable Care Act impose economic costs.
One suspects that Mulligan didn’t actually read either of the pieces he links to.
If he had, he would have found this from Gruber: But the likelihood of voluntary reductions in work is not the only issue.
The CBO also projects work reduction by individuals who cut back on hours or avoid moving up the job ladder because they don’t want to lose Medicaid eligibility, or because they don’t want to make so much in wages that they would lose tax credits to help pay insurance premiums.
Unlike voluntary job leaving, this second kind of work reduction would entail real economic distortions and be a cost, not a benefit.
And this from me: Just to be clear, the predicted long-run fall in working hours isn’t entirely a good thing.
Workers who choose to spend more time with their families will gain, but they’ll also impose some burden on the rest of society, for example, by paying less in payroll and income taxes.
So there is some cost to Obamacare over and above the insurance subsidies.
Any attempt to do the math, however, suggests that we’re talking about fairly minor costs, not the “devastating effects” Mr. Cantor asserted in his next post on Twitter.
So both of us acknowledge that there are incentive effects and that they have a cost; but both of us argue on quantitative grounds that the cost isn’t large.
Hardly the doctrinaire liberalism Mulligan thinks he sees.
Oh, and bonus misrepresentation: Mulligan: Paul Krugman goes even further and calls it “misrepresentations” to interpret the marginal tax rate provisions of the Affordable Care Act as destructive.
No, I didn’t — I called talk about “2 million jobs destroyed” a misrepresentation, because it is.
Who says so?
The CBO itself.
On to the broader point.
What one sees in this particular Mulligan piece is something I encounter all the time, in many contexts: the myth of the stupid progressive economist.
It works like this: Conservatives in general, and conservative economists in particular, often have a very narrow vision of what economics is all about — namely supply, demand, and incentives.
Anything that interferes with the sacred functioning of markets or reduces the incentive to produce must be a bad thing; any time a progressive economist supports policies that don’t fit neatly into this orthodoxy, it must be because he doesn’t understand Econ 101.
And conservative economists are so sure of this that they can’t be bothered to actually read what the progressives write — at the first hint of deviation from laissez-faire, they stop paying attention and begin debating with the stupid progressive in their mind, not the real economist out there.
As a result, many conservatives seem utterly unable to take on board the notion that people like Jon Gruber or yours truly might understand Econ 101, but also believe with good reason that you need to go beyond that point.
On the health care issue: yes, there are incentive effects — as there are with all insurance, by the way.
But there’s also good reason to believe that there’s a major market imperfection in the form of job lock, and that even aside from this, there are important benefits to expanding health insurance that must be weighed against any costs.
All of that is, in brief, in both of the pieces Mulligan denounces, and there at much greater length in our other writings; but as so often happens, conservatives develop problems of reading comprehension whenever such issues come up.
I’ve encountered similar responses on many other issues.
You say that deficit spending is helpful in a depressed economy?
You must be saying that deficits and bigger government are always good, which is stupid hahaha.
You say that increasing unemployment benefits in a demand-constrained economy can create jobs?
But you also said once upon a time that unemployment insurance can raise the natural rate of unemployment, so you’re stupid hahaha.
Well, somebody’s being stupid, anyway.
I can’t resist going back to the 2009 debate over stimulus, when one after another, prominent conservative economists dismissed calls for a temporary increase in spending as being clearly stupid and/or corrupt, because accounting identities, or maybe the effect of expected future taxes, clearly showed that stimulus made no sense.
Along the way these notables reinvented classic conceptual errors from 80 years ago and added a few new howlers too; yet their faith in the proposition that progressive economists must be idiots never wavered.
But then John Stuart Mill knew all about this.
Dave Weigel looks at the disastrous initial media handling of the CBO report — CBOghazi, hah!
— and addresses one of my pet peeves: reporting that skips right past the actual policy issues to speculation about how they will play politically.
I think of this as “second-order” reporting, and it’s almost always a bad thing.
I wrote about this during the 2004 campaign, when I actually did some painful research, wading through two months of TV news transcripts.
What I found: Mr. Kerry proposes spending $650 billion extending health insurance to lower- and middle-income families.
Whether you approve or not, you can’t say he hasn’t addressed the issue.
Why hasn’t this voter heard about it?
Well, I’ve been reading 60 days’ worth of transcripts from the places four out of five Americans cite as where they usually get their news: the major cable and broadcast TV networks.
Never mind the details – I couldn’t even find a clear statement that Mr. Kerry wants to roll back recent high-income tax cuts and use the money to cover most of the uninsured.
When reports mentioned the Kerry plan at all, it was usually horse race analysis – how it’s playing, not what’s in it.
Now, it pains me to admit it, but by and large reporting on policy issues actually has gotten better since then.
But you still see the old, lazy style pop up now and then.
In this case, I suspect that one main reason reporters slid back was to cover their own embarrassment at initially getting the substance wrong.
But it’s still worth saying that this is the wrong way to go.
Weigel actually makes a point beyond the one I made back in 2004.
Not only does second-order reporting deny readers/viewers the information they should be getting; the truth is that nobody knows how any particular news item will play politically.What the political scientists tell us, in fact, is that most of what gets reported on in political journalism matters not at all: elections are primarily determined by economic developments and occasionally war, not by gaffes and all that.
So reporting on the journalist’s view of how the perceptions of a budget document will affect the next election is a purely destructive action: not only does it divert scarce time and resources from reporting on the actual policy issue, it has zero value even in its ostensible goal of predicting future political developments.
I’m not against all political reporting: it has to be done, and colorful anecdotes are part of what motivates people to read newspapers.
But substance should always come first.
And if reporters don’t understand the substance well enough — if they don’t know enough about the economics of health reform to tell the difference between job loss and reduced labor supply — they should defer to or consult with someone who does before writing.
What with the fuss over the CBO estimates of employment effects of health reform — Appendix C — everyone seems to have overlooked Appendix B, on the reform’s effects in doing what it was supposed to do: cover the uninsured.
How has the disastrous initial rollout affected CBO’s projections about reform’s near future?
Here’s the answer: Oh noes!
The exchanges will cover 6 million people, not the 7 million we expected!
The number of uninsured will fall 13 million, not 14 million!
In short, CBO thinks that reform has been only mildly set back by the healthcare.gov mess, that at this point it’s going pretty well.
And by the way, these are predictions we’ll be able to test in real time, unlike the labor force estimates, which will get lost in statistical noise.
So one thing I learned last night is that the right has a new meme: inequality is the fault of the government — you see, it’s all those overpaid government workers.
I made the mistake of replying on the substance, which is that once you correct for education, government workers are paid about the same as their private-sector counterparts; basically, government workers are school teachers, which means that they need college degrees.
But there is a better answer, and a teachable moment here, which gets at the real nature of inequality in America.
It’s not about overpaid teachers.
Let’s start by looking at the real winners in soaring inequality — the people who not only make incredible amounts of money, but get to pay very low taxes (and if you suggest closing their loopholes, you’re just like Hitler.)
According to Forbes, in 2012 the top 40 hedge fund managers and traders took home a combined $16.7 trillion billion.
Now look at those supposedly overpaid government employees.
According to the BLS, the median high school teacher earns $55,050 per year.
So, those 40 hedge fund guys made as much as 300,000, that’s three hundred thousand, school teachers — almost a third of all high school teachers in America.
OK, teachers get benefits, so their total compensation cost is higher than their wage, so maybe it’s only 200,000.
But you should keep numbers like these in mind whenever anyone tries to shift attention from the one percent (and the .001 percent) to Americans who aren’t even upper-middle class.
Narayana Kocherlakota, president of the Minneapolis Fed, is the prodigal son of monetary stimulus.
He was the Fed’s leading hawk a few years ago, reflecting in part the ultra-freshwater macro doctrines of the Minnesota econ department and his bank’s closely associated research department.
But he did something amazing: he looked at evidence, listened to his critics, and changed his views — becoming the Fed’s leading dove.
This is totally praiseworthy, especially because it almost never happens.
Binyamin Applebaum’s article on NK also contains dramatic evidence of the intellectual climate from which he had to emancipate himself, in the form of an email from Ed Prescott, founder and relentless promoter of real business cycle theory.
Prescott: It is an established scientific fact that monetary policy has had virtually no effect on output and employment in the U.S. since the formation of the Fed.
In reality, few if any topics in economics have been studied as thoroughly as the real effects of monetary policy.
And the overwhelming consensus, from multiple lines of inquiry — Sims-type econometrics, Romer-Romer style event studies, Mussa-style comparisons of exchange regimes (which are also monetary policy regimes) — is that monetary policy has powerful real effects.
This consensus could be wrong — such things have happened — and Prescott could make the case that the consensus is wrong.
But that’s not what he’s saying.
He’s declaring it “an established scientific fact” that what everyone outside his sect believes is totally false.
That’s not science, whatever Prescott may think; it’s being part of an irrational cult.
And kudos to Kocherlakota for learning to stop drinking the Kool-Aid.
One of the interesting and bittersweet aspects of the burgeoning Bridgegate-plus scandal in New Jersey has been the centrality of local newspapers.
The original story wasn’t broken by the crack investigative reporters at the New York Times, or the fake-scandal-chasers at 60 Minutes.
It was broken by the transportation reporter of the Bergen Record.
What makes this bittersweet is that local news is in decline, savaged by the decline in classified ads and other key sources of revenue.
So I thought I might do a public service by drawing attention to another super-local report that I suspect hasn’t gotten on the radar of many big-paper reporters.
I mean, unless you live right here, who reads US1, a weekly that mainly covers sports, movies, and restaurants in the Princeton area?
But the current issue has an account of one person’s interactions with Kim Guadagno, the lieutenant governor now accused of threatening storm-wracked Hoboken — and it fits the narrative perfectly.
Maybe this account is all wrong.
But if it isn’t, you have to wonder how many other similar stories of vindictiveness — enough to make the Hoboken accusations completely plausible — are out there, waiting for reporters to find them.
Well, now I’m in Dublin to receive the James Joyce Award; life is interesting, although it does tend to get in the way of blogging.
But I thought I could squeeze out a few minutes to talk about something I’ve been thinking about a lot lately: the remarkable extent to which powerful groups, including a fair number of economists, have rejected intellectual progress because it disturbs their ideological preconceptions.
What brings this to mind is the debate over extended unemployment benefits, which I think provides a teachable moment.
There’s a sort of standard view on this issue, based on more or less Keynesian models.
According to this view, enhanced UI actually creates jobs when the economy is depressed.
Why?
Because the economy suffers from an inadequate overall level of demand, and unemployment benefits put money in the hands of people likely to spend it, increasing demand.
You could, I suppose, muster various arguments against this proposition, or at least the wisdom of increasing UI.
You might, for example, be worried about budget deficits.
I’d argue against such concerns, but it would at least be a more or less comprehensible conversation.
But if you follow right-wing talk — by which I mean not Rush Limbaugh but the Wall Street Journal and famous economists like Robert Barro — you see the notion that aid to the unemployed can create jobs dismissed as self-evidently absurd.
You think that you can reduce unemployment by paying people not to work?
Hahahaha!
Quite aside from the fact that this ridicule is dead wrong, and has had a malign effect on policy, think about what it represents: it amounts to casually trashing one of the most important discoveries economists have ever made, one of my profession’s main claims to be useful to humanity.
If you read Barro’s piece, what you see is a blithe dismissal of the whole notion that economies can ever suffer from am inadequate level of “aggregate demand” — the scare quotes are his, not mine, meant to suggest that this is a silly, bizarre notion, in conflict with “regular economics.” You’d never know, either from the WSJ or from people like Barro, why anyone ever felt that regular economics — the economics of supply and demand and all that — was inadequate.
But you see, there are these things we call recessions.
And if you believe regular economics is all there is, you should find them very upsetting.
Think, for example, about the Great Recession and its aftermath.
Regular economics says that economies should normally get richer each year, as their work force and capital stock grow, and technology advances.
But after 2007 the United States and other advanced countries suddenly went into reverse, becoming poorer instead of richer, and for an extended period too: So did plagues kill off part of the work force?
Did termites eat part of the capital stock?
Did technology retrogress?
No, no.
no.
On the last point, has anyone noticed that the iPhone was introduced in 2007, and that the whole smartphone/tablet revolution has more or less coincided with a period of terrible economic performance?
So what did happen?
Keynes offered an answer: it is, in fact, possible for economies to suffer from an overall lack of demand.
Other people had said things along these lines, but Keynesian economics put it front and center.
This really was an intellectual revolution; indeed, while I’m generally against scientific pretensions, it amounted to a scientific revolution, something like plate tectonics in geology.
Suddenly the seemingly inexplicable — what elevates mountain ranges?
what explains periods of economic retrogression?
— became comprehensible.
And yes, the theory has made successful predictions — surprising predictions that people who didn’t accept the theory regarded as absurd until they came true.
I’ve written a lot about what happened (or actually didn’t happen) to inflation and interest rates; go back to 2009 and read what the usual suspects were saying.
You claim that the Fed can print vast quantities of money without causing inflation?
You claim that the government can run huge deficits without driving up interest rates?
Hahahaha.
But even better, in a way, is the relationship between government spending and private spending.
Demand-side economics says that under depression conditions government spending won’t compete with private spending — in fact, lower government spending will lead to lower private spending too.
Hahahaha!
After all, common sense says that the government and the private sector are in competition for scarce resources.
Except if we look at the euro zone, where some countries were forced into severe austerity while others weren’t, we see this: So let me summarize: we had a scientific revolution in economics, one that dramatically increased our comprehension of the world and also gave us crucial practical guidance about what to do in the face of depressions.
The broad outlines of the theory devised during that revolution have held up extremely well in the face of experience, while those rejecting the theory because it doesn’t correspond to their notion of common sense have been wrong every step of the way.
Yet a large part of both the political establishment and the economics establishment rejects the whole thing out of hand, because they don’t like the conclusions.
Galileo wept.
OK, and I’m more or less back on duty, although next week I’ll be busy in Ireland.
But time to weigh in again on a few things.
First up: Brad DeLong is bothered by Robert Rubin’s latest deficit-hawk op-ed, which doesn’t seem to recognize how much the arithmetic of fiscal policy in a liquidity trap favors fiscal stimulus.
I agree.
But surely the worse thing about Rubin’s piece is that its whole premise is that the confidence fairy is alive and well: The US recovery remains slow by historical standards – even if recent signs of improvement are borne out.
One reason is that our unsound fiscal trajectory undermines business confidence, and thus job creation, by creating uncertainty about future policy and exacerbating concerns about the will of Congress to govern.
Business leaders frequently cite our fiscal outlook as a deterrent to hiring and investment.
Do business leaders really express those kinds of concerns?
Maybe — if they’re guests at a Peterson-hydra event, where that’s the kind of thing they’re expected to say.
But there isn’t a shred of evidence that long-term deficit fears are actually exerting any drag on the economy, let alone that some kind of medium-term austerity plan would be expansionary through the confidence channel.
The truth is that business investment isn’t especially low given the weakness of the overall economy (why expand capacity when you aren’t selling enough to use the capacity you have?)
Look at residential investment (blue line) and nonresidential investment (red line) as shares of GDP: The US economy has suffered an extraordinary, persistent plunge in residential investment; the fall in business investment was only normal for recessions and aftermaths, and the recovery has been comparable to past experience.
There’s just nothing in this picture that would lead you to believe that you need to invoke some special factor like deficit fears to explain business behavior.
So it’s actually amazing that someone like Rubin would invoke this confidence story as if it were sound economics, when it’s actually a highly dubious, mathematically implausible argument that receives no support at all from the data.
Of course, Rubin isn’t alone.
I keep hearing the same argument in Europe.
Why, it’s almost as if very serious people are willing to grab any argument that supports their deficit-reduction obsession, never mind the facts.
Something really interesting is happening on the health-care front: costs are rising much less rapidly than anyone expected.
This is good news for the budget; it’s also good news for Obamacare.
There was much skepticism about promises that health reform would “bend the curve”, reducing cost growth; well, the curve is bending, and it’s likely that the cost control measures that are part of Obamacare (and have been in effect for several years) are part of the reason.
One thing I haven’t seen mentioned much, however, is that another aspect of recent developments — the rapid rise in Medicaid enrollment, despite Republican efforts to block it — adds to the prospect of continuing good news on health costs.
Medicaid gets a bad rap.
It’s a poor people’s program, and it’s widely assumed that this means poor care.
In fact, there’s not much evidence that this is true, and claims that Medicaid patients can’t find care are greatly exaggerated.
Beyond that, however, Medicaid is the piece of the US health care system (aside from the VA) that does the best job of controlling costs.
It does this by being able to say no.
For example, it’s able (in a way Medicare so far can’t) to say that it won’t pay for me-too drugs that are far more expensive than equally or almost equally good alternatives.
This ability to say no, combined with its size, means that Medicaid covers people far more cheaply than private insurance, and probably than Medicare.
One way to think about this is that Medicaid is actually the piece of the US system that looks most like European health systems, which cost far less than ours while delivering comparable results.
Now, expanded Medicaid is a key part of Obamacare — and so far, despite GOP obstruction, Medicaid enrollments have outpaced insurance through the exchanges.
This is often reported as if it were a bad thing — as if Medicaid were somehow a fake solution, as if only purchases of private insurance count.
But Medicaid is good, very cost-effective coverage!
And rising Medicaid enrollment is, aside from a huge benefit to the previously uninsured, a step toward better cost control in the system as a whole.
So liberals, don’t apologize for Medicaid growth.
In economic and human terms, it’s just what the, um, doctor ordered.
There’s an alarming amount of optimism out there about US economic prospects for 2014.
Let me make the situation even more alarming by saying that I basically share that optimism.
Why?
Basically because of the Three Stooges effect: if you’ve been banging your head against a wall for no good reason, you’ll feel a lot better when you stop.
One way to look at the US economy in 2013 is that it was, in effect, trying to begin a strong recovery, but was held back by terrible federal fiscal policy.
Housing was making a comeback, state and local austerity was, if not going into reverse, at least not getting more intense, household spending was starting to revive as debt levels came down.
But the feds were raising the payroll tax, slashing spending via the sequester, and more.
Incidentally, these other factors are why I don’t take seriously the claims of market monetarists that the failure of growth to collapse in 2013 somehow showed that fiscal policy doesn’t matter.
US austerity, although a really bad thing, wasn’t nearly as intense as what happened in southern Europe; it was small enough that it could be, and I’d argue was, more or less offset by other stuff over the course of a single year.
The point, in any case, is that the head-banging is about to stop — not in the sense that we’ll reverse our move in the wrong direction, but that we won’t keep on moving in that direction.
Here’s Goldman Sachs’s estimate of “fiscal drag” from federal policies (no link): What a drag!
But it’s coming to an end.
Meanwhile, housing is still moving forward, and other stuff is relatively favorable.
None of this vindicates the multiple years of sluggish recovery that should have been vigorous.
And let’s be clear: this kind of forecast is much less secure than, say, my predictions that inflation and interest would stay low in a liquidity trap, which were grounded in model fundamentals.
Still, the new year starts with some good omens.
Oh, and politics: between the non-disaster of Obamacare (which is producing epic levels of denial) and the prospect of a decent rate of economic growth, the midterm elections may not go the way many on the right currently expect.
Miles Kimball catches Bret Stephens pulling a fast one on Wall Street Journal readers – but it’s much worse than Kimball says.
Kimball take Stephens to task for overstating the economic progress of poorer Americans by presenting nominal figures, without any adjustment for inflation.
What Kimball doesn’t mention is that the constant-dollar figures are presented by the Census in the same table (Excel file) from which Stephens is taking his numbers – and the constant-dollar figures actually show a small decline in the incomes of the bottom 20 percent.
Wait, it gets worse.
In the same piece in which he commits the unforgivable sin of using nominal incomes as a measure of progress, Stephens also accuses President Obama of a “factual error” in claiming that the top 10 percent receive half the income; it’s the top 20 percent, says Stephens, and there has been no significant rise since the mid-1990s.
What’s going on here?
Stephens is citing the Census data, which everyone who knows anything about inequality knows has a problem with very high incomes thanks to “top-coding”.
The Piketty-Saez data, which use tax returns to estimate income shares, do indeed show the top 10 percent receiving half the income, up from 42 percent in 1995.
Maybe you don’t like those estimates, but Obama made no mistake – while Stephens did.
Why doesn’t this sharp rise show in the Census data?
Because almost all of it took place among the top 1 percent – the income range that the Census data, which are survey-based, can’t effectively track.
OK, we’re still not done here.
Stephens then goes on to suggest not just that there has been no rise in inequality since 1995, but that not much has changed since 1979.
So let me pull out the Congressional Budget Office – they’re right behind this sign over here – to comment on that: CBO finds that, between 1979 and 2007, income grew by: •275 percent for the top 1 percent of households, •65 percent for the next 19 percent, •Just under 40 percent for the next 60 percent, and •18 percent for the bottom 20 percent.
The point here, as on so many other economic issues, is that we are not having anything resembling a good-faith debate.
We could have a debate about whether rising inequality is a problem, and whether measures intended to curb it would do more harm than good.
But we can’t have that kind of debate if the anti-populist side won’t acknowledge basic facts – and it won’t.
In his piece Stephens trashes Obama, accusing him of making a factual error when he did no such thing; then proceeds to commit just about every statistical sin you can imagine in an attempt to minimize the rise in inequality.
In the process he leaves his readers more ignorant than they were before.
When this is what passes for argument, how can we have any kind of rational discussion?
Oh, and just FYI: this is the kind of journalism that the great and the good deem worthy of a Pulitzer Prize.
One thing that happens when you try to have a rational discussion of Bitcoin, gold, and/or other libertarian causes is that you get a lot of cynical remarks about government (which is one of the clues that this is, to an important extent, about politics.)
You say that there’s nothing putting a floor under Bitcoin’s value?
Well, how do you know that the government won’t debase the dollar to nothing?
Huh?
Huh?
Well, there’s an answer to that: governments care about their reputations, and even, to some extent, about the welfare of their citizens.
I can hear the jeering already.
We know better, don’t we?
Don’t governments with the power of the printing press universally abuse that power?
Well, no.
That sounds like cynical realism, but it’s actually cynical fantasy.
Yes, Weimar.
Also Zimbabwe.
And, in recent decades, who else?
Actually, nobody.
The real track record of fiat currencies is that most of them are run responsibly except in the aftermath of political chaos.
If you look at the actual facts, you discover that episodes of high inflation have become quite rare, even though nobody is on the gold standard or (except in the euro area) anything like it.
So, again, the notion that governments can’t be trusted with the printing press sounds cynical and realistic, but it’s actually a fantasy, probably brought on by reading Ayn Rand instead of Tolkien.
It’s similar, by the way, to another cynical and supposedly realist notion, which is that fiscal stimulus never goes away, that programs instituted to fight a slump inevitably become permanent.
This is also totally untrue — it’s a right-wing fantasy, not a description of anything that has actually happened.
Now, it’s true that governments aren’t run by philosopher-kings; news at 8.
But the popularity of the notion that they’re inevitably or even usually run by looters and moochers says more about what some people want to believe than about the lessons of history.
It’s always important, and always hard, to distinguish positive economics — how things work — from normative economics — how things should be.
Indeed, on many of the macro issues I’ve written about it has been obvious that large numbers of economists can’t bring themselves to make that distinction; they dislike activist government on political grounds, and this leads them to make really bad arguments about why fiscal stimulus can’t work and monetary stimulus will be disastrous.
I don’t, by the way, think that this effect is symmetric: although people like Robert Lucas were quick to accuse people like Christy Romer of fabricating macro arguments to support a big-government agenda, this didn’t actually happen.
But I come now to talk not about macro but about money — specifically, about Bitcoin and all that.
So far almost all of the Bitcoin discussion has been positive economics — can this actually work?
And I have to say that I’m still deeply unconvinced.
To be successful, money must be both a medium of exchange and a reasonably stable store of value.
And it remains completely unclear why BitCoin should be a stable store of value.
Brad DeLong puts it clearly: Underpinning the value of gold is that if all else fails you can use it to make pretty things.
Underpinning the value of the dollar is a combination of (a) the fact that you can use them to pay your taxes to the U.S. government, and (b) that the Federal Reserve is a potential dollar sink and has promised to buy them back and extinguish them if their real value starts to sink at (much) more than 2%/year (yes, I know).
Placing a ceiling on the value of gold is mining technology, and the prospect that if its price gets out of whack for long on the upside a great deal more of it will be created.
Placing a ceiling on the value of the dollar is the Federal Reserve’s role as actual dollar source, and its commitment not to allow deflation to happen.
Placing a ceiling on the value of bitcoins is computer technology and the form of the hash function… until the limit of 21 million bitcoins is reached.
Placing a floor on the value of bitcoins is… what, exactly?
I have had and am continuing to have a dialogue with smart technologists who are very high on BitCoin — but when I try to get them to explain to me why BitCoin is a reliable store of value, they always seem to come back with explanations about how it’s a terrific medium of exchange.
Even if I buy this (which I don’t, entirely), it doesn’t solve my problem.
And I haven’t been able to get my correspondents to recognize that these are different questions.
But as I said, this is a positive discussion.
What about the normative economics?
Well, you should read Charlie Stross: BitCoin looks like it was designed as a weapon intended to damage central banking and money issuing banks, with a Libertarian political agenda in mind—to damage states ability to collect tax and monitor their citizens financial transactions.
Go read the whole thing.
Stross doesn’t like that agenda, and neither do I; but I am trying not to let that tilt my positive analysis of BitCoin one way or the other.
One suspects, however, that many BitCoin enthusiasts are, in fact, enthusiastic because, as Stross says, “it pushes the same buttons as their gold fetish.” So let’s talk both about whether BitCoin is a bubble and whether it’s a good thing — in part to make sure that we don’t confuse these questions with each other.
Mike Konczal writes about how Washington has lost interest in the unemployed, and what a scandal that is.
He also, however, makes an important point that I suspect plays a significant role in the political economy of this scandal: these are lousy times for the employed, too.
Why?
Because they have so little bargaining power.
Leave or lose your job, and the chances of getting another comparable job, or any job at all, are definitely not good.
And workers know it: quit rates, the percentage of workers voluntarily leaving jobs, remain far below pre-crisis levels, and very very far below what they were in the true boom economy of the late 90s: Now, you may believe that employment is a market relationship like any other — there’s a buyer and a seller, and it’s just a matter of mutual consent.
You may also believe in Santa Claus.
The truth is that employment is, in many though not all cases, a power relationship.
In good economic times, or where workers’ position is protected by legal restraints and/or strong unions, that relationship may be relatively symmetric.
In times like these, it’s hugely asymmetric: employers and employees alike know that workers are easy to replace, lost jobs very hard to replace.
And may I suggest that employers, although they’ll never say so in public, like this situation?
That is, there’s a significant upside to them from the still-weak economy.
I don’t think I’d go so far as to say that there’s a deliberate effort to keep the economy weak; but corporate America certainly isn’t feeling much pain, and the plight of workers is actually a plus from their point of view.
The blogospheric debate about microfoundations, saltwater/freshwater and all that has, I think, been illuminating.
Among other things it’s serving almost as an oral history of What Really Happened – minus the oral part, but not mediated by the usual slowness and overthinking of formal publication.
And I think the intellectual history is useful, because it gives you some idea of how people came to make the choice of which side to be on.
It’s certainly possible to make the case for an eclectic, fairly salty approach on general principles, as Simon Wren-Lewis, Noah Smith, and Nick Rowe do.
But the abstract logic gains force when you recall how it actually happened.
Oh, and I was there – not as a participant in the growing macro war, but as a student at the time the great divide was taking place.
I felt the seduction of the microfoundations-uber-alles doctrine, but also got to watch as the demand for microfoundations, originally grounded in appeals to empirical power, became free-floating, a dogma to be defended in the teeth of the evidence.
So, if you had to choose a beginning, it would be the famous Phelps volume.
The papers in that volume all started with two observations, of which the first was that there was overwhelming evidence for some kind of short-run non-neutrality of money.
None of the papers in that volume questioned the proposition that nominal shocks had large real effects.
You can see why if you look at annual changes in nominal versus real GDP between 1950 and 1970: Obviously there was a near one-to-one correspondence.
Obviously, too, it was really hard in that era, with its lack of major supply shocks, to tell a story in which real GDP was driving nominal spending rather than vice versa.
So the Phelps volume began with the stylized fact that in the short run nominal demand, driven for example by changes in monetary policy, gets reflected largely in quantities rather than prices.
But as the papers also observed, it was hard to explain that fact in terms of standard microeconomics: with everyone acting rationally, money should have been neutral even in the short run.
Traditional Keynesian analyses simply said that people aren’t completely rational, that they have money illusion – or maybe that contracts are focal points in which nominal wages or prices matter because of salience, even though they should be arbitrary.
But these were ex post rationalizations rather than being derived from some kind of fundamentals.
So the Phelps crowd came up with a lovely story: you see, it was all about information.
Individuals and firms couldn’t tell, in the very short run, whether a rise in the price they were being offered represented a shock specific to them – people for some reason wanted more of their widgets — or a general change in demand.
It was rational to respond to an idiosyncratic rise in demand by producing more, so confusion could explain why short-run aggregate supply seemed upward-sloping.
As Phelps and others (including Milton Friedman, who was thinking along similar lines) realized, this meant that the apparent tradeoff between unemployment and inflation would be unstable: sustained inflation would get built into expectations, and would no longer produce low unemployment.
The stagflation of the 70s seemed to confirm this prediction, and brought the microfoundations project immense prestige.
Encouraged by all this, freshwater economists gleefully proclaimed Keynes dead, the subject of nothing but “giggles and whispers”.
But here’s the thing: after that initial success, Phelps-Lucas/type microfoundations quickly collapsed both intellectually and empirically.
Intellectually, the problem was that rational individuals simply should not have been confused in the way the models demanded; there’s too much information out there, whether in newspapers or in asset prices.
You just couldn’t get a Lucas supply curve out of a model looking even vaguely like the real economy.
Empirically, the problem was that slumps last too long.
Even if you wave away the information problem, confusion about aggregate versus idiosyncratic shocks can last for quarters, maybe, but not years.
So the truth was that microfoundations in macroeconomics had its moment, but failed utterly at the one thing it was sold, above all, as being able to do – namely, give a better explanation of why nominal shocks have real effects.
Time, you might think, to reconsider the project.
And some did.
There was a revival of Keynesian thinking in the late 70s and early 80s, albeit one that tried to cram as many microfoundations into the models as possible without being grossly unrealistic.
But many economists had so committed themselves to the idea that Keynes was dead and rationality roolz that they simply dug in deeper.
Rationality-based microfoundations must be right; if their microfoundations couldn’t explain why nominal shocks have real effects, then nominal shocks must not have real effects – it’s all real shocks.
And so real business cycle theory was born.
So now we have people debating whether models with microfoundations lead to better predictions, both of the future and of policy impacts, than models with ad hoc elements; as Wren-Lewis and Smith say, this is by no means obvious if the microfoundations are wrong, as they often clearly are.
But what you want to realize is that this isn’t going to convince the microfoundations crowd.
After all, more than thirty years ago they decided that the joy of microfoundations trumped the utter failure of microfounded models to work in practice, and they have now trained successive cohorts of students in this view.
There are, it’s true, some hints of a guilty conscience – as Matt Yglesias points out, there’s the odd tendency of freshwater types to immediately accuse anyone with saltwater ideas of being dishonest.
(I’m not a nice guy, but if look at what I said about, say, Cochrane, it was that he was ignorant, not corrupt.)
Oh, and the notion that there had been a convergence of views by 2007, which was then ruptured by the crisis, was a saltwater delusion.
People like Olivier Blanchard convinced themselves that the other side was listening; it wasn’t.
The hysterical reaction to the notion that fiscal policy is effective at the zero lower bound demonstrated that the freshwater types had never bothered to learn the least thing about how New Keynesian models worked.
So there’s a lot of history here; but the main driver behind this history was, I believe, the inability of many economists to accept the fact that they took a wrong turn.
A couple of weeks ago I tried to get at what’s wrong with the latest tactic of the austerians in terms of a classic Three Stooges scene.
Curly is seen banging his head against the wall; when Moe asks why, he replies, “Because it feels so good when I stop.” As Simon Wren-Lewis tries to explain, this is exactly the basis of the Cameron government’s triumphalism now that UK GDP is growing again.
The basic fact of UK economic performance since the financial crisis is that it has been terrible — in fact, as the NIESR documents, GDP performance has been substantially worse than during the Great Depression: The only reason Britain isn’t suffering terrifyingly high unemployment is the fact that, for reasons not clear, productivity has collapsed, so that the shrunken economy is still employing a lot of people.
Now, however, the economy is finally growing.
Why?
Well, partly because economies do tend to grow unless you keep banging their heads against a wall.
And that’s more or less what has happened in Britain.
Wren-Lewis uses the OBR numbers; here, telling more or less the same story, is what you get from the IMF Fiscal Monitor.
What I plot below is the change in the cyclically adjusted primary balance — a measure of the extent to which fiscal policy is being tightened.
You don’t want to think of these as precise numbers, since the cyclical adjustment relies on highly uncertain estimates of potential GDP (it depends on why you think productivity collapsed).
But the basic picture is surely right: Cameron/Osborne imposed a lot of austerity in their first two years, then let up substantially.
In effect, they spent a while banging Britain’s head against the wall, and are now claiming vindication, because it feels good when they stop.
Politically, this may well work.
We’ve long known from US evidence that elections depend on the recent growth rate, not longer-term performance; in fact, an “optimal control” strategy if a president wants to win reelection is to push the economy into a pointless slump during his first two years, then engineer a fast recovery going into the next election.
Cameron may have lucked into pursuing effectively the same strategy.
But none of this political analysis should distract us from the economic point that claims that recent growth vindicates austerity are deeply stupid.
As Greg Sargent has been pointing out for some time, the startup troubles of Obamacare have divided both the general public and the political class into two different intellectual universes.
On one side, Republicans — both the base and the political leadership — have decided that health reform is already a failure; that conviction is actually helping the leadership rein in some of the crazies, by telling them that now is the time to wait and let the political payoff from Obamacare’s collapse fall into their laps.
On the other side, Democrats see a law that got off to a terrible start but is getting rapidly better.
Which is right?
There’s data showing a sharp rise in enrollments, but there are continuing problems with the back end, and then there are dueling anecdotes.
It would be hard to assess all this objectively even if political passions weren’t running so high.
But one group has a strong incentive to be objective — and also has a much better perspective on what’s really going on than any lay observer.
Namely, the insurance industry.
So the shoe we’ve all been waiting to see drop — or not — was the surge of advertising urging people buying insurance through the exchanges to buy from me, me, me.
That shoe has just dropped, with $500 million of advertising spending now in the pipeline.
Insurers think this is going to work.
Now, some people will see this as bad news.
Obamacare is just going to add to insurer profits!
And it will indeed make money for the likes of Aetna and Wellpoint.
In an ideal world, this wouldn’t be happening: single payer would clearly have been a better system.
But it wasn’t going to happen.
This was the health reform we could get — and when it works, as the big money now believes it will, it’s going to make a huge, positive difference to millions of lives.
OK, I can’t resist this one — and I think it’s actually important.
Brad DeLong reacts to Binyamin Appelbaum’s piece on Young Frankenstein Stan Fischer by quoting from his own 2000 piece on New Keynesian ideas in macroeconomics, a piece in which he argued that New Keynesian thought was, in important respects, a descendant of old-fashioned monetarism.
There’s a lot to that view.
But I’m surprised that Brad stopped there, for two reasons.
One is that it’s worth remembering that Fischer staked out that position at a time when freshwater macro was turning sharply to the right, abandoning all that was pragmatic in Milton Friedman’s ideas.
The other is that the world of macroeconomics now looks quite different from the world in 2000.
Specifically, when Brad lists five key propositions of New Keynesian macro and declares that prominent Keynesians in the 60s and early 70s by and large didn’t agree with these propositions, he should now note that prominent Keynesians — by which I mean people like Oliver Blanchard, Larry Summers, and Janet Yellen — in late 2013 don’t agree with these propositions either.
In important ways our understanding of macro has altered in ways that amount to a counter-counter-counterrevolution (I think I have the right number of counters), giving new legitimacy to what we might call Paleo-Keynesian concerns.
Or to put it another way, James Tobin is looking pretty good right now.
(Incidentally, this was the point made by Bloomberg almost five years ago, inducing John Cochrane to demonstrate his ignorance of what had been going on macroeconomics outside his circle.)
Consider Brad’s five points: 1.
Price stickiness causes business cycle fluctuations: You clearly need price stickiness to make sense of the data.
However, there is now widespread acceptance of the point that making prices more flexible can actually worsen a slump, a favorite point of Tobin’s.
2.
Monetary policy > fiscal policy: Not when you face the zero lower bound — and that’s no longer an abstract or remote consideration, it’s the world we’ve been living in for five years.
And Tobin, who defended the relevance of fiscal policy, is vindicated.
3. Business cycles are fluctuations around a trend, not declines below some level of potential output: This view comes out of the natural rate hypothesis, and the notion of a vertical long-run Phillips curve.
At this point, however, there is wide acceptance of the idea that for a variety of reasons, but especially downward nominal wage rigidity, the Phillips curve is not vertical at low inflation.
Again, a very Tobinesque notion, as Daly and Hobijn explain.
4.
Policy rules: Not so easy when once in a while you face Great Depression-sized shocks.
5.
“Low multipliers associated with fiscal policy”: Ahem.
Not when you’re in a liquidity trap.
I do think this is important.
Among economists who are actually looking at recent events, not doing a see-no-Keynes, hear-no-Keynes, speak-no-Keynes act, there has been a strong revival of some old ideas in macroeconomics.
It’s not just new classical macroeconomics that’s in retreat; we’re also seeing, within the Keynesian camp, a distinct if polite rise of neopaleo-Keynesianism.
It has taken an amazingly long time, but inequality is finally surfacing as a significant unifying issue for progressives — including the president.
And there is, inevitably, a backlash, or actually a couple of backlashes.
One comes from groups like Third Way; Josh Marshall, I think, characterized that kind of position best: That captures a lot of what the ‘Third Way’ is about: a sort of fossilized throwback to a period in the late 20th century when there was a market for groups trying to pull the Democrats ‘back to the center and away from the ideological extreme’ in an era when Democrats are the fairly non-ideological party and have a pretty decent record of winning elections in which most people vote.
But there’s also an intellectual backlash, with people like Ezra Klein arguing that inequality, while an issue, doesn’t rate being described as “the defining challenge of our time”.
This in turn infuriates others, with Steve Randy Waldman going medieval on Klein.
Well, I’m not infuriated, but I would argue that Ezra has gotten this one wrong.
And yes, I’ve expressed skepticism about the simple argument that inequality accounts for our slow recovery; the evidence surveyed in Jared Bernstein’s excellent new paper on the subject eases my skepticism somewhat, but it’s not entirely gone.
The key point, however, is that the case for regarding inequality as a major, indeed defining challenge — and as something that should be at the center of progressive concerns — rests on multiple pillars.
Taken together, the reasons to focus on inequality are overwhelmingly convincing, even if you can be skeptical about particular arguments.
Let me make four points.
First, in sheer quantitative terms, rising inequality is what Joe Biden would call a Big Something Deal.
Take the Piketty-Saez data on income shares; these show that the share of the bottom 90 percent in income excluding capital gains fell from 54.7 percent in 2000 to 50.4 percent in 2012.
This means that the income of the bottom 90 is about 8 percent lower than it would have been if inequality had remained stable.
Meanwhile, estimates of the output gap — the extent to which our economy is operating below capacity — are generally less than 6 percent.
So in raw numerical terms, rising inequality has done more than the slump to depress middle-class incomes.
You can argue that the damage done by unemployment is greater than the mere income loss, and I’d agree.
Still, it’s hard to look at this kind of calculation and dismiss inequality as a secondary issue.
Second, there is a reasonable case for assigning at least partial blame for the economic crisis to rising inequality.
The best story involves something like this: high saving by the 1 percent, with demand sustained only by rapidly rising debt further down the scale — and with this borrowing itself partly driven by inequality, which leads to expenditure cascades and so on.
Is this a slam-dunk case?
No — but it’s serious, and reinforces the rest of the argument.
Third, there’s the political economy aspect, where you can argue that policy failures both before and, perhaps even more crucially, after the crisis were distorted by rising inequality, and the corresponding increase in the political power of the 1 percent.
Before the crisis, there was an elite consensus in favor of deregulation and financialization that was never justified by the evidence, but aligned closely with the interests of a small but very wealthy minority.
After the crisis, there was the sudden turn away from job creation to deficit obsession; polling suggests that this wasn’t at all what the average voter wanted, but that it did reflect the priorities of the wealthy.
And the insistence on the importance of cutting entitlements is overwhelmingly a 1 percent thing.
Finally, very much tying in with this, is the question of what progressive think tanks should research.
Klein suggests that “how to fight unemployment” should be a more central topic than “how to reduce inequality.” But here’s the thing: we know how to fight unemployment — not perfectly, but good old basic macroeconomics has worked very well since 2008.
There’s no mystery about the economics of our slow recovery — that’s what happens when you tighten fiscal policy in the face of private deleveraging and monetary policy is constrained by the zero lower bound.
The question is why our political system ignored everything macroeconomics has learned, and the answer to that question, as I’ve suggested, has a lot to do with inequality.
The causes of soaring inequality, on the other hand, are more mysterious; so are the channels through which we might reverse this trend.
We know some things, but there is much more room for new knowledge here than in business cycle macro.
So inequality is definitely a defining challenge; whether it is “the” defining challenge can be argued, but it makes very good sense for progressives to focus much of their energy on the issue.
And yes, it’s also true that inequality is easier to explain to the public than demand-side macroeconomics — but since these concerns are complements rather than substitutes, that’s not something that should induce any feelings of guilt.
In short: go populism go.
As we all know, there are three kinds of economists.
There are liberal professional economists; there are conservative professional economists; and there are professional conservative economists (aka right-wing hacks).
Surely, you say, there must be four kinds?
Not really — there just isn’t enough money on the left, an asymmetry that gives rise to the well-known hack gap.
Anyway, among the conservative professional economists there is a sub-class one might call Republicans in their minds only: fairly reasonable economists living in a political fantasy world, who imagine that the modern Republican party is composed of people like themselves, who might be receptive to pragmatic arguments that don’t fully correspond to dogma.
These economists are, you might say, like men from Mars, who have no idea how the political culture we actually have on planet earth works these days.
Martin Feldstein would be a prime example.
In one sense he is a true Republican: he has been furiously opposed to expansionary monetary policy from the beginning, and remains so even though his original argument — that it would produce runaway inflation — has been wrong for almost five years.
But he is sympathetic to the idea of fiscal stimulus — and today he calls for a bipartisan deal that would involve a trillion dollars of stimulus via infrastructure spending in return for long-run deficit reduction.
What can you say?
It’s not just that Republican leaders would never consider such a deal — they are in fact still committed to the view that spending cuts are expansionary.
It’s also the fact, obvious to anyone who hasn’t spent the past five years on Mars, that Republicans don’t care about the deficit, and never did — it was always just a club to be used in an effort to dismantle Medicare and Social Security.
I wish I lived on Marty’s planet.
But I don’t, and neither does he.
So I’m continuing my project of going to live performances of the bands I feature on Friday Night Music posts, and last night got to see Lucius.
Wow.
I think that may have been the best musical performance of any kind I’ve ever seen.
If you’ve watched any of the videos I’ve posted, you know that they are incredible musicians.
What you can’t quite get from the videos is the sheer joyousness of the whole thing — the band’s energy, the obvious fun they’re having, the rapport with the audience.
At the end of the set the band moved out to do two songs — “two of us on the run” and John Lennon’s Happy Xmas — standing in the middle of the audience, and it was like a benediction.
My only issues, as what I guess you’d have to call a 60-year-old wannabe hipster, are that I’m not used to late nights (hence limited blogging today) and that my decibel tolerance isn’t quite up to snuff — Lucius mostly OK, but Kingsley Flood, which opened (and was very good) was sufficiently loud that it hurt a bit.
Oh, and we got to meet the band, who are as nice as they seem.
I’m going to do more of this.
And do see Lucius if you get a chance.
There’s a scene in one of the Three Stooges movies — if any readers know which one, please let me know — in which we see Curly banging his head repeatedly against a wall.
Moe asks why he’s doing that, and Curly says, “Because it feels so good when I stop.” Big joke, right?
Except that this is now the reigning theory of fiscal policy.
As Antonio Fatas points out, austerians are now claiming vindication because some of the countries that imposed austerity are — after years of economic contraction — finally starting to show a bit of growth.
This is, as he says, happening because sooner or later economies do tend to grow, unless bad policy not only continues but gets steadily worse; with austerity still severe but arguably not getting much more severe, some growth isn’t a big surprise.
And these countries are still far below where they would have been with less austerity.
But hey, it feels good, at least relatively, when the countries stop banging their heads against the wall.
Austerity rules!
So here’s where we are: wishing that policy officials in Europe would rise to the same level of analytical rigor and intellectual clarity exhibited by Moe, Larry, and Curly.
There’s a scene in one of the Three Stooges movies — if any readers know which one, please let me know — in which we see Curly banging his head repeatedly against a wall.
Moe asks why he’s doing that, and Curly says, “Because it feels so good when I stop.” Big joke, right?
Except that this is now the reigning theory of fiscal policy.
As Antonio Fatas points out, austerians are now claiming vindication because some of the countries that imposed austerity are — after years of economic contraction — finally starting to show a bit of growth.
This is, as he says, happening because sooner or later economies do tend to grow, unless bad policy not only continues but gets steadily worse; with austerity still severe but arguably not getting much more severe, some growth isn’t a big surprise.
And these countries are still far below where they would have been with less austerity.
But hey, it feels good, at least relatively, when the countries stop banging their heads against the wall.
Austerity rules!
So here’s where we are: wishing that policy officials in Europe would rise to the same level of analytical rigor and intellectual clarity exhibited by Moe, Larry, and Curly.
A new post by Stephen Williamson has both Nick Rowe and Brad DeLong fulminating — and rightly so.
But my sense is that they are so shocked at the level of misconception on the part of a guy who imagines himself more sophisticated than crude neoKeynesians that they’re not managing to convey what’s really going on.
So let me take a stab at it.
Williamson has a lot of equations running around — fearful plumbing, as Rudi Dornbusch would have put it — but the essence of this story, whether he realizes it or not, involves movements in the Wicksellian natural rate of interest — the real interest rate that would match savings and investment at full employment.
Now, one way to think about how that natural rate interacts with monetary policy to determine the rate of inflation would be a figure like this: Here WNR is a 45-degree line representing all the combinations of inflation and the interest rate at which the real rate equals the Wicksellian natural rate, while MP is a monetary policy reaction function — basically a Taylor rule in which interest rates rise more than one-for-one with inflation, but with the downside constrained by the zero lower bound.
As you can see, I’ve drawn this so that there are two equilibria: one with a relatively high inflation rate and a positive nominal interest rate, the other with low inflation and a zero rate.
What Williamson does is observe that we’re at the zero lower bound, so he concludes that we’re at an equilibrium like B.
He then asks what happens if the liquidity premium on government debt rises — which in this setting amounts to asking what happens if the real natural rate of interest falls.
And he gets a result like this: The WNR schedule shifts down, so the equilibrium B shifts to the right — and this, says Williamson, means that inflation rises.
This should sound crazy to you: people become less willing to invest, seek the safety of government bonds, and inflation goes up?
But why, exactly, is it crazy?
Well, as Brad says, you shouldn’t have an economist’s license unless you understand at some level that when you’re writing down equilibria you have to have in mind at least some rudimentary dynamic story about how you get to those equilibria.
In this case, you surely should at least implicitly have little arrows on your diagram: Right?
Inflation rises when the real rate is below the natural rate, falls when it’s above the natural rate.
Is it easy to write down a fully-specified, microfounded model of those little arrows?
No.
But surely something like this has to be going on — or at any rate, whatever model you do write down had better be robust to some simple dynamic story about how you get to equilibrium.
Otherwise you’re going to end up doing what Williamson is doing: comparative statics on an unstable equilibrium.
Of course he gets bizarre results, not to mention completely missing the point that the persistence of positive inflation despite high unemployment is a supply-side, not demand-side question.
And the thing is that this sort of thing is showing up a lot — again, typically in the writings of economists who imagine themselves to be deep thinkers.
As Rowe says, something has gone deeply wrong in the way macroeconomics is done in some places.
How do you know that monetary policy is too loose?
The textbook answer is that excessively expansionary monetary policy shows up in rising inflation; stable inflation means money is neither too loose nor too tight.
This answer has, however, come under challenge from both sides.
One side — the side I’m on, and I’m pretty sure the side Janet Yellen is on, says that at low inflation rates this rule breaks down: the Phillips curve isn’t vertical, even in the long run, at low inflation (perhaps thanks to downward nominal wage rigidity), so stable inflation at a low level is consistent with an economy operating well below potential.
But there’s a critique from the other side that seems to be gaining a lot of traction with central bankers not named Janet Yellen — namely, the notion that if asset prices are rising, and that this might signal a bubble, it’s time to tighten, even if inflation is low or falling.
As Simon Wren-Lewis points out, the Swedish Riksbank has gone all in on this doctrine — a decision that isolated my former colleague Lars Svensson (one of the people who warned long ago about the dangers of a liquidity trap), and led to his departure.
The picture is really quite amazing: The Riksbank raised rates sharply even though inflation was below target and falling, and has only partially reversed the move even though the country is now flirting with Japanese-style deflation.
Why?
Because it fears a housing bubble.
This kind of fits the H.L.
Mencken definition of Puritanism: “The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.” But here’s the thing: if we really are in the Summers/Krugman/Hansen world of secular stagnation, things like this are going to happen all the time.
The underlying deficiency of demand will call for pedal-to-the-medal monetary policy as a norm.
But bubbles will happen — and central bankers, always looking for reasons to snatch away punch bowls, will use them as excuses to tighten.
One last point: Isn’t Sweden a sort of liberal’s ideal?
Not on monetary policy.
In America, right-wingers get their ideas about both aid to the poor (end it) and monetary policy (gold!)
from Ayn Rand, so hard money and hatred of the welfare state go hand in hand.
In Europe, the connection is less clear-cut.
What we have here is a problem of communication.
Actually, mostly that’s not true.
Most of the arguments we have over economic policy involve real disputes about how the world works.
Sometimes these are smart disputes, like the argument over the effectiveness of quantitative easing, sometimes they’re stupid disputes, like the one over whether the Fed is debasing the currency, but anyway they are about something real.
But to such real arguments one must add an extra layer of confusion arising from the way economists use words.
Fairly often, we have a term of art that is pretty deeply embedded in the professional discourse, but which either sounds strange to outsiders or can be misinterpreted.
An example of the first is the term “secular stagnation”.
I know many of my readers dislike it.
It relies on definition 3(c) of “secular” in Merriam-Webster: “of or relating to a long term of indefinite duration” — not exactly what comes to most people’s minds.
Unfortunately, that is the term economists have used for the concept since Alvin Hansen popularized it in the 30s and 40s, and it’s very hard to change.
I suppose I could try to get a catchy alternative into circulation.
I did, after all, get the confidence fairy out there.
Maybe Sustained NEgative Equilibirum Rates of interest, or SNEER?
I don’t know — it’s really hard to change something like this once established.
* Another example, which the same discussion has brought home, is the use of the term “structural”, as in “structural unemployment.” Now, one aspect of this meaning is “hard to change”.
But I’ve been getting a fair number of people thinking they have a gotcha: I’ve been denying that we have a big problem with structural unemployment, and now I’m saying that we may have a sustained problem of economic stagnation.
Contradiction!
Well, no.
Structural unemployment has a much more specific meaning than that.
It means unemployment that can’t be eliminated just by increasing aggregate demand.
It’s closely tied to the notion of a Phillips curve, a tradeoff between unemployment and inflation, which in the long run looks something like this: It’s almost but not quite the NAIRU, the non-accelerating-inflation rate of unemployment — not quite because I am now convinced that the long-run Phillips curve flattens out at low inflation.
So it’s more like the minimum unemployment rate consistent with (fairly) low and stable inflation.
The crucial point, however, is that’s a supply-side concept.
It’s about the limits of what you can achieve by increasing aggregate demand.
It has nothing at all to do with secular stagnation, which is about reasons you might have trouble increasing aggregate demand in the first place.
One moral of the story is to beware: economese may sound like English, but it sometimes has crucial differences.
The bigger moral of the story, however, is that it’s ultimately not about the words — it’s about the model.
*Brief anecdote: For historical reasons, economists doing international macro usually measure the exchange rate as the price of foreign currency, e.g., for Mexico it’s pesos per dollar.
As a result, on your diagrams, when your currency goes down, the exchange rate goes up.
Everyone else, including other economists, hates this convention.
Yet it’s nearly impossible to change it in the textbooks without upsetting thousands of course instructors.
Many years ago my colleague Alan Blinder wrote a very good book with, it seemed to me, a slightly unfortunate title.
It was way too easy to slip from “Hard heads, soft hearts” to the reverse.
On the other hand, maybe that’s a book that needs to be written about today’s austerians, both on our side of the Atlantic and in Europe.
What set me off this morning was an interview by Jens Weidmann, head of the Bundesbank: “We have lowered interest rates and are offering banks unlimited liquidity.
But there are no easy and quick ways out of this crisis,” he told German weekly Die Zeit in an interview to be published on Thursday.
“The money printer is definitely not the way to solve it.
It will still take years until the causes of the crisis are eliminated.” What could possibly justify this remark, other than sheer faith in the redemptive power of (other peoples’) pain for its own sake?
Let’s think about the current problems of the euro are in terms of perfectly ordinary, textbook macroeconomics.
First, take the aggregate view.
The euro area as a whole has record high unemployment and record low inflation.
By any normal standards, this says that monetary policy is too tight.
Yes, there’s a problem getting traction, because the ECB is close to the zero lower bound — but that’s a problem of implementation.
On what possible grounds could you argue that printing money is not at least a partial solution to the crisis?
Next, look at the internal adjustment problem.
The big capital flows from north to south during europhoria have left Spain etc.
overvalued , and in need of “internal devaluation”.
But there is now completely overwhelming evidence for downward nominal wage rigidity: it’s much easier to get Spanish wages relative to German wages in line through rising German wages than falling Spanish wages.
Germany’s own internal devaluation from 2001 to 2007 was accomplished through inflation abroad, not deflation at home.
But a too-low overall euro inflation rate pushes the burden onto deflation in debtor countries.
Again, on what possible grounds could you argue that a somewhat higher inflation rate — remember, it’s now running at just 0.8 percent — would do nothing to help solve the crisis?
Finally, to the extent that debt levels are a problem, low inflation makes this problem much worse, for all the usual reasons.
Now maybe, maybe, there would still be a euro crisis even if Europe had strong internal demand and 2-plus percent inflation.
But we don’t know that — and it’s bizarre to dismiss any effort to move in that direction presumptively.
What it comes down to is that Weidmann — like, I’m afraid, much conventional opinion in Europe — has thrown analysis out the window in favor of a peculiar form of wishful thinking.
What’s peculiar about this wishful thinking is that it doesn’t consist of fantasies about the existence of easy, painless solutions; it consists of fantasies about the absence of easy solutions, even when the evidence says very clearly that such solutions exist.
Instead of a weak-minded search for pleasure without pain, it’s a search for reasons to inflict pain regardless of the actual economic situation.
Yes, it fits the definition of sadomonetarism.
What’s awesome is that this grim fantasy passes for wisdom, and dictates policy.
Groucho Marxist, that is.
Jared Bernstein puzzles over Ryan’s supposed new drive to help the poor, and finds nothing at all there — just cuts in benefits for the poor and tax cuts for the rich.
(Incidentally, WaPo: I assume that Ryan has been “trawling” right-wing think tanks in search of ideas, not “trolling” them .)
But anyway, surely Ryan’s ideas here come from Groucho Marx as Hammer in The Cocoanuts, faced with a rebellion by his unpaid bellhops: Hammer: Wages?
Do you want to be wage slaves?
Answer me that!
Bellhops: No.
Hammer: No, of course not.
But what makes wage slaves?
Wages!
Similarly: Ryan: Do you want to be dependent on government help to survive?
Poor: No.
Ryan: Of course not.
But what makes people dependent on help?
Help!
It’s been a bit funny on the academic front being a Keynesian during a Keynesian crisis.
Much of the academic profession decided more than 30 years ago that the whole thing was nonsense and what we needed was an equilibrium model of the business cycle.
By the time the utter failure of the equilibrium project became apparent, you had a whole generation of economists who knew that Keynesianism of any form was nonsense based on what they had heard somewhere, so they didn’t read any of the stuff, old or new — and were flabbergasted to learn that there was in fact an extensive New Keynesian literature that provided a justification for fiscal policy at the zero lower bound.
So some props to John Cochrane for at least trying to catch up.
Unfortunately, he’s still working from the baseline assumption that people like me (and Mike Woodford, whom he really should be reading) must be kind of stupid, and so he can’t be bothered to actually figure out how the models work.
At least I think that’s what’s happening.
As Robert Waldmann says, Cochrane’s latest seems to be driven by a confusion between the effect of fiscal expansion on GDP — which is positive in just about any NK model — and the effect on consumption, which isn’t at all the same thing.
I won’t try to figure out the roots of this failure of reading comprehension; let me instead try to explain what’s really going on.
In the simplest NK models of fiscal policy, we think of an economy that faces an adverse shock in the current period, but will return to a steady state thereafter.
(Maybe not in reality, but that’s another topic.)
Given this setup, consumption in the current period is tied down by an Euler condition: Marginal utility of consumption in period 1 / Marginal utility in period 2 = (1+r)/(1+d) where r is the real interest rate and d the rate of time preference.
If we’re up against the zero lower bound and prices are sticky, this means that r doesn’t change, so we can take first-period consumption as fixed.
But now suppose that the government expands its purchases of goods and services.
Consumption is fixed, so there is no crowding out; the increase in G leads to a one-for-one expansion in real GDP.
The multiplier is 1.
That looks a lot like old Keynesianism to me — an increase in government spending leads to a rise in output.
Inflation has nothing to do with it.
Now, is there a way to get a rise in consumption, and a multiplier bigger than 1?
Yes.
That Euler condition is based on the assumption that people have perfect access to capital markets, so that they can borrow and lend at the same rate.
If some of them are instead liquidity-constrained, the increase in income from the rise in G will lead to some increase in C as well, and we have a story that is even closer to the old Keynesian version.
This isn’t hard — at least it shouldn’t be for anyone with a graduate training in economics.
Just try actually reading what New Keynesians write.
I’m pretty annoyed with Larry Summers right now.
His presentation at the IMF Research Conference is, justifiably, getting a lot of attention.
And here’s the thing: I’ve been thinking along the same lines, and have, I think, hinted at this analysis in various writings.
But Larry’s formulation is much clearer and more forceful, and altogether better, than anything I’ve done.
Curse you, Red Baron Larry Summers!
OK, with professional jealousy out of the way, let me try to enlarge on Larry’s theme.
1.
When prudence is folly Larry’s formulation of our current economic situation is the same as my own.
Although he doesn’t use the words “liquidity trap”, he works from the understanding that we are an economy in which monetary policy is de facto constrained by the zero lower bound (even if you think central banks could be doing more), and that this corresponds to a situation in which the “natural” rate of interest – the rate at which desired savings and desired investment would be equal at full employment – is negative.
And as he also notes, in this situation the normal rules of economic policy don’t apply.
As I like to put it, virtue becomes vice and prudence becomes folly.
Saving hurts the economy – it even hurts investment, thanks to the paradox of thrift.
Fixating on debt and deficits deepens the depression.
And so on down the line.
This is the kind of environment in which Keynes’s hypothetical policy of burying currency in coalmines and letting the private sector dig it up – or my version, which involves faking a threat from nonexistent space aliens – becomes a good thing; spending is good, and while productive spending is best, unproductive spending is still better than nothing.
Larry also indirectly states an important corollary: this isn’t just true of public spending.
Private spending that is wholly or partially wasteful is also a good thing, unless it somehow stores up trouble for the future.
That last bit is an important qualification.
But suppose that U.S. corporations, which are currently sitting on a huge hoard of cash, were somehow to become convinced that it would be a great idea to fit out all their employees as cyborgs, with Google Glass and smart wristwatches everywhere.
And suppose that three years later they realized that there wasn’t really much payoff to all that spending.
Nonetheless, the resulting investment boom would have given us several years of much higher employment, with no real waste, since the resources employed would otherwise have been idle.
OK, this is still mostly standard, although a lot of people hate, just hate, this kind of logic – they want economics to be a morality play, and they don’t care how many people have to suffer in the process.
But now comes the radical part of Larry’s presentation: his suggestion that this may not be a temporary state of affairs.
2.
An economy that needs bubbles?
We now know that the economic expansion of 2003-2007 was driven by a bubble.
You can say the same about the latter part of the 90s expansion; and you can in fact say the same about the later years of the Reagan expansion, which was driven at that point by runaway thrift institutions and a large bubble in commercial real estate.
So you might be tempted to say that monetary policy has consistently been too loose.
After all, haven’t low interest rates been encouraging repeated bubbles?
But as Larry emphasizes, there’s a big problem with the claim that monetary policy has been too loose: where’s the inflation?
Where has the overheated economy been visible?
So how can you reconcile repeated bubbles with an economy showing no sign of inflationary pressures?
Summers’s answer is that we may be an economy that needs bubbles just to achieve something near full employment – that in the absence of bubbles the economy has a negative natural rate of interest.
And this hasn’t just been true since the 2008 financial crisis; it has arguably been true, although perhaps with increasing severity, since the 1980s.
One way to quantify this is, I think, to look at household debt.
Here’s the ratio of household debt to GDP since the 50s: There was a sharp increase in the ratio after World War II, but from a low base, as families moved to the suburbs and all that.
Then there were about 25 years of rough stability, from 1960 to around 1985.
After that, however, household debt rose rapidly and inexorably, until the crisis struck.
So with all that household borrowing, you might have expected the period 1985-2007 to be one of strong inflationary pressure, high interest rates, or both.
In fact, you see neither – this was the era of the Great Moderation, a time of low inflation and generally low interest rates.
Without all that increase in household debt, interest rates would presumably have to have been considerably lower – maybe negative.
In other words, you can argue that our economy has been trying to get into the liquidity trap for a number of years, and that it only avoided the trap for a while thanks to successive bubbles.
And if that’s how you see things, when looking forward you have to regard the liquidity trap not as an exceptional state of affairs but as the new normal.
3.
Secular stagnation?
How did this happen?
Larry explicitly invokes the notion of secular stagnation, associated in particular with Alvin Hansen (pdf).
He doesn’t say why this might be happening to us now, but it’s not hard to think of possible reasons.
Back in the day, Hansen stressed demographic factors: he thought slowing population growth would mean low investment demand.
Then came the baby boom.
But this time around the slowdown is here, and looks real.
Think of it this way: during the period 1960-85, when the U.S. economy seemed able to achieve full employment without bubbles, our labor force grew an average 2.1 percent annually.
In part this reflected the maturing of the baby boomers, in part the move of women into the labor force.
This growth made sustaining investment fairly easy: the business of providing Americans with new houses, new offices, and so on easily absorbed a fairly high fraction of GDP.
Now look forward.
The Census projects that the population aged 18 to 64 will grow at an annual rate of only 0.2 percent between 2015 and 2025.
Unless labor force participation not only stops declining but starts rising rapidly again, this means a slower-growth economy, and thanks to the accelerator effect, lower investment demand.
By the way, in a Samuelson consumption-loan model, the natural rate of interest equals the rate of population growth.
Reality is a lot more complicated than that, but I don’t think it’s foolish to guess that the decline in population growth has reduced the natural real rate of interest by something like an equal amount (and to note that Japan’s shrinking working-age population is probably a major factor in its secular stagnation.)
There may be other factors – a Bob Gordonesque decline in innovation, etc..
The point is that it’s not hard to think of reasons why the liquidity trap could be a lot more persistent than anyone currently wants to admit.
4.
Destructive virtue If you take a secular stagnation view seriously, it has some radical implications – and Larry goes there.
Currently, even policymakers who are willing to concede that the liquidity trap makes nonsense of conventional notions of policy prudence are busy preparing for the time when normality returns.
This means that they are preoccupied with the idea that they must act now to head off future crises.
Yet this crisis isn’t over – and as Larry says, “Most of what would be done under the aegis of preventing a future crisis would be counterproductive.” He goes on to say that the officially respectable policy agenda involves “doing less with monetary policy than was done before and doing less with fiscal policy than was done before,” even though the economy remains deeply depressed.
And he says, a bit fuzzily but bravely all the same, that even improved financial regulation is not necessarily a good thing – that it may discourage irresponsible lending and borrowing at a time when more spending of any kind is good for the economy.
Amazing stuff – and if we really are looking at secular stagnation, he’s right.
Of course, the underlying problem in all of this is simply that real interest rates are too high.
But, you say, they’re negative – zero nominal rates minus at least some expected inflation.
To which the answer is, so?
If the market wants a strongly negative real interest rate, we’ll have persistent problems until we find a way to deliver such a rate.
One way to get there would be to reconstruct our whole monetary system – say, eliminate paper money and pay negative interest rates on deposits.
Another way would be to take advantage of the next boom – whether it’s a bubble or driven by expansionary fiscal policy – to push inflation substantially higher, and keep it there.
Or maybe, possibly, we could go the Krugman 1998/Abe 2013 route of pushing up inflation through the sheer power of self-fulfilling expectations.
Any such suggestions are, of course, met with outrage.
How dare anyone suggest that virtuous individuals, people who are prudent and save for the future, face expropriation?
How can you suggest steadily eroding their savings either through inflation or through negative interest rates?
It’s tyranny!
But in a liquidity trap saving may be a personal virtue, but it’s a social vice.
And in an economy facing secular stagnation, this isn’t just a temporary state of affairs, it’s the norm.
Assuring people that they can get a positive rate of return on safe assets means promising them something the market doesn’t want to deliver – it’s like farm price supports, except for rentiers.
Oh, and one last point.
If we’re going to have persistently negative real interest rates along with at least somewhat positive overall economic growth, the panic over public debt looks even more foolish than people like me have been saying: servicing the debt in the sense of stabilizing the ratio of debt to GDP has no cost, in fact negative cost.
I could go on, but by now I hope you’ve gotten the point.
What Larry did at the IMF wasn’t just give an interesting speech.
He laid down what amounts to a very radical manifesto.
And I very much fear that he may be right.
After sort-of decent growth in the second quarter, Europe’s austerity advocates rushed to proclaim that their policies were bearing fruit.
After the latest numbers, which show growth stalling, not so much.
And bear in mind that we are now closing in on the 6th anniversary of the start of Europe’s recession.
Here’s what I find amazing.
Compare industrial production with data from the 1930s, which can be found here.
When I compare the Eurozone now with Europe then, I get this chart: My joke slogan for Obama has been, “It’s not as bad as the Great Depression!” But Europe can’t even claim that.
At this point it’s just as bad as the Great Depression — and where European economies were recovering strongly by this point in the 30s, they’re stalling now.
Doing worse than the 30s; that’s a remarkable achievement.
Huge tensions over the ECB rate cut, with a split on the board and many German economists protesting.
As usual, a lot of it is about the perception that those lazy southern Europeans are getting a free ride: A commentary by the chief economist of the financial weekly Wirtschaftswoche called the decision a “diktat from a new Banca d’Italia, based in Frankfurt”.
Why can’t those Italians etc.
pull up their socks the way we did?
What Germans — economists as well as the general public — still don’t seem to get is how much Germany’s success at emerging from its late-90s doldrums depended on a somewhat inflationary boom in southern Europe.
And they therefore also don’t realize how much damage Germany is imposing by refusing to allow higher eurozone inflation.
Here’s core inflation since the euro’s creation: Germany was able to achieve large gains in competitiveness without deflation, because Spain and others were willing to accept inflation well above 2 percent.
But now the eurozone has overall core inflation below 1 percent, which means that Spain can only achieve internal devaluation through crippling deflation: The Germans, in other words, aren’t asking the southern Europeans to emulate them; they’re demanding that they accomplish a feat Germany never had to manage, and which hardly anyone has ever managed.
So S&P has downgraded France.
What does this tell us?
The answer is, not much about France.
It can’t be overemphasized that the rating agencies have no, repeat no, special information about national solvency — especially for big countries like France.
Does S&P have inside knowledge of the state of French finances?
No.
Does it have a better macroeconomic model than, say, the IMF — or for that matter just about any one of the men and women sitting in this IMF conference room with me?
You have to be kidding.
So what’s this about?
I think it’s useful to compare IMF projections for France with those for another country that has been getting nice words from the raters lately, the UK.
The charts below are from the WEO database — real numbers through 2012, IMF projections up to 2018.
First, real GDP per capita: So France has done better than the UK so far, and the IMF expects that advantage to persist.
Next, debt relative to GDP: France is slightly less indebted, and the IMF expects this difference to widen a bit.
So why is France getting downgraded?
Because, S&P says, it hasn’t carried out the reforms that will enhance its medium-term growth prospects.
What does that mean?
OK, another dirty little secret.
What do we know — really know — about which economic reforms will generate growth, and how much growth they’ll generate?
The answer is, not much!
People at places like the European Commission talk with great confidence about structural reform and the wonderful things it does, but there’s very little clear evidence to support that confidence.
Does anyone really know that Hollande’s policies will mean growth that is x.x percent — or more likely, 0.x percent — slower than it would be if Olli Rehn were put in control?
No.
So, again, where is this coming from?
I’m sorry, but I think that when S&P complains about lack of reform, it’s actually complaining that Hollande is raising, not cutting taxes on the wealthy, and in general isn’t free-market enough to satisfy the Davos set.
Remember that a couple of months ago Olli Rehn dismissed France’s fiscal restraint — which has actually been exemplary — because the French, unacceptably, are raising taxes rather than slashing the safety net.
So just as the austerity drive isn’t really about fiscal responsibility, the push for “structural reform” isn’t really about growth; in both cases, it’s mainly about dismantling the welfare state.
S&P may not be participating in this game in a fully conscious way; when you move in those circles, things that in fact nobody knows become part of what everyone knows.
But don’t take this downgrade as a demonstration that something is really rotten in the state of France.
It’s much more about ideology than about defensible economic analysis.
The Germans are outraged, outraged at the U.S. Treasury department, whose Semiannual Report On International Economic And Exchange Rate Policies says some negative things about how German macroeconomic policy is affecting the world economy.
German officials say that the report’s conclusions are “incomprehensible” — which is just bizarre, because they’re absolutely straightforward.
Oh, and yes, the US inexcusably spied on Angela Merkel — but that has nothing to do with this, and anyone bringing it into this conversation thereby demonstrates his or her intellectual bankruptcy.
Also, frank talk about German economic policies doesn’t make you anti-German or anti-European; again, anyone trying to evade the substance by bringing that kind of accusation in has in effect conceded the argument.
So, about the argument.
Here’s a brief history of the euro zone, told through one number for two countries, Germany and Spain: The creation of the euro was followed by the emergence of huge imbalances, with vast amounts of capital flowing from the core to the periphery.
Then came a “sudden stop” of private capital flows, forcing the peripheral nations to eliminate their current account deficits, albeit with the process slowed by the provision of official loans, mainly through loans among central banks.
The really bad news for the periphery is that so far the adjustment has taken place mainly through depressed economies rather than regained competitiveness; so the counterpart of that “improvement” for Spain is 25 percent unemployment.
Normally you would and should expect the adjustment to be more or less symmetrical, with surplus countries reducing their surpluses as deficit countries reduced their deficits.
But that hasn’t happened.
Germany hasn’t adjusted at all; all of the rise in peripheral European current accounts has taken place at the expense of the rest of the world.
And that’s a very bad thing.
We are still in a world ruled by inadequate demand, and very much subject to the paradox of thrift.
By running inappropriate large surpluses, Germany is hurting growth and employment in the world at large.
Germans may find this incomprehensible, but it’s just macroeconomics 101.
You might argue that it’s not the German government’s fault that it runs surpluses — but you’d be wrong.
(I’ve fallen into this trap, but acknowledged the error.)
For one thing, Germany has pursued fiscal austerity despite its creditor status, contributing to an overall tightening of policy in the eurozone.
And one way to think about Germany’s role within the euro is that it is in effect engaging in huge foreign exchange intervention via Target 2, which holds down the “shadow Deutche Mark”: Of course, I don’t expect German officials to admit that there’s anything to what Treasury says.
They’re not big on macroeconomics as we understand it; actually, they’re not big on accounting identities, since their view seems to be that everyone should be like Germany, and run huge trade surpluses.
But Treasury just stated the obvious and true.
A few more things to say about Germany’s trade surplus and the US report saying, correctly, that it’s harmful to the world economy.
The worst thing, if you ask me, in the Spiegel report on the controversy is the statement by Germany’s Economics Ministry that Germany’s surplus is a sign of the competitiveness of the German economy and global demand for quality products from Germany.
Economists everywhere should read this and weep.
It is a basic accounting identity that Current account = Savings – Investment Any story about the determination of the current account balance must take this identity into account.
Suppose you have wonderful products that the world loves; even so, if you have low savings and high investment, you must run deficits.
How can this happen?
Simple: you end up with a high value of your currency and/or high wages relative to competitors.
So while it’s impressive that Germany can run a surplus despite quite high labor costs, and that’s a testimony to the quality of its stuff, ultimately the surplus reflects high savings relative to investment.
And we are, as I said in a different context just the other day, in a world awash in savings, a world in which someone who decides to spend less and save more makes the whole world poorer.
That’s not the normal situation, but it’s where we are now, and where we have been for five years.
Does the German Economics Ministry really not understand any of this?
My guess is that it doesn’t — that Germany really does see itself as a role model, believes that all would be well if everyone behaved the same, and doesn’t see the notion of a world in which everyone runs big trade surpluses as being problematic in the least.
Bill Gross is at it again, coming up with yet another reason for the Fed to tighten despite a still-depressed economy and inflation falling well below target.
He is, of course, not alone — it has actually been amazing how wide a variety of reasons people in or close to the financial industry have come up for tight money in an economy that seems to need to opposite.
Many of the people making these arguments started with dire warnings about runaway inflation; but when inflation failed to materialize, they didn’t change their policy views, they came up with new rationales for doing exactly the same thing.
This kind of behavior — ever-shifting rationales for an unchanging policy (see: Bush tax cuts, invasion of Iraq, etc.)
— is a “tell”.
It says that something else is really motivating the policy advocacy.
So what is going on here?
When I read Gross and others, what I think is lurking underneath is a belief that capitalists are entitled to good returns on their capital, even if it’s just parked in safe assets.
It’s about defending the privileges of the rentiers, who are assumed to be central to everything; the specific stories are just attempts to rationalize the unchanging goal.
The thing to realize here, then, is that nothing about our current situation says that rentiers are entitled to their rent.
And it’s a perversion of alleged free-market thinking to suggest otherwise.
Bear in mind where we are, economically: we are still in a liquidity trap, and we are very much in a paradox of thrift world, where hoarding — not spending — is a positive social evil.
What is the role of interest in this world?
Interest, classically (and I do mean classically, as in Mr. Keynes and the), is the reward for waiting: there’s supposedly a social function to interest because it rewards people for saving rather than spending.
But right now we’re awash in excess savings with nowhere to go, and the marginal social value of a dollar of savings is negative.
So real interest rates should be negative too, if they’re supposed to reflect social payoffs.
This really isn’t at all exotic — but obviously it’s a point wealth-owners don’t want to hear.
Hence the constant agitation for monetary tightening.
And this agitation does real harm.
Think about the Fed’s taper talk: ultimately, I think it’s clear that it was an attempt to throw a bone to the tight-money crowd, in a way the Fed hoped wouldn’t do real harm.
But it did do harm: long-term rates popped up, and are a significant factor in slowing our economy.
So add the rentiers’ sense of entitlement to the reasons we have made such a botch of macroeconomic policy.
Raj Chetty stands up valiantly for the honor of his and my profession, arguing that economics is too a science in which careful research is used to falsify some hypotheses and lend credibility to others.
And in many ways I agree: there is a lot of good research in economics, maybe more than ever as the focus has shifted somewhat from theoretical models loosely inspired by observation — which, as he suggests, was my forte — to nitty-gritty empirical work.
But while there are clearly scientific elements in economics, a lot of economists aren’t behaving like scientists.
Look at Chetty’s examples of scientific work that informs current policy debates: Consider the politically charged question of whether extending unemployment benefits increases unemployment rates by reducing workers’ incentives to return to work.
Nearly a dozen economic studies have analyzed this question by comparing unemployment rates in states that have extended unemployment benefits with those in states that do not.
These studies approximate medical experiments in which some groups receive a treatment — in this case, extended unemployment benefits — while “control” groups don’t.
These studies have uniformly found that a 10-week extension in unemployment benefits raises the average amount of time people spend out of work by at most one week.
This simple, unassailable finding implies that policy makers can extend unemployment benefits to provide assistance to those out of work without substantially increasing unemployment rates.
Other economic studies have taken advantage of the constraints inherent in a particular policy to obtain scientific evidence.
An excellent recent example concerned health insurance in Oregon.
In 2008, the state of Oregon decided to expand its state health insurance program to cover additional low-income individuals, but it had funding to cover only a small fraction of the eligible families.
In collaboration with economics researchers, the state designed a lottery procedure by which individuals who received the insurance could be compared with those who did not, creating in effect a first-rate randomized experiment.
The study found that getting insurance coverage increased the use of health care, reduced financial strain and improved well-being — results that now provide invaluable guidance in understanding what we should expect from the Affordable Care Act.
OK, he’s right that these two examples show how evidence could be used to inform policy debate (although understanding the effects of unemployment insurance, I would argue, requires embedding it in a macro story about how the number of jobs is determined.)
But are such results actually being used to inform policy debate?
Have conservative economists like Casey Mulligan said “OK, we were wrong to argue that extended unemployment benefits are the cause of high unemployment”?
Have economists who oppose Obamacare said, “OK, we were wrong to say that Medicaid hurts its recipients?” You know the answer.
And it’s not just policy debates.
Whole subfields of economics, notably but not only business-cycle macro, have spent decades chasing their own tails because too many economists refuse to accept empirical evidence that rejects their approach.
The point is that while Chetty is right that economics can be and sometimes is a scientific field in the sense that theories are testable and there are researchers doing the testing, all too many economists treat their field as a form of theology instead.
Simon Wren-Lewis, following up on Bryan Caplan, makes the case that downward nominal rigidity of wages is simply a fact, attested to by overwhelming evidence.
Furthermore, it’s a fact that we understand fairly well in terms of behavioral economics.
So he suggests that the unwillingness of many macroeconomists to incorporate this fact in their models — because it doesn’t have “microfoundations” — says something disturbing about the state of the field.
He’s right, but I have the sense that many of his readers — and just about all of Caplan’s commenters — don’t understand the significance of this observation for the history of macroeconomics over the past 40 years.
You see, the question of wage (and price) stickiness, and hence of real effects of changes in nominal demand, was what the great rejection of Keynesianism was all about.
And I mean all about.
Back in the 70s, there was hardly any discussion of the determinants of nominal demand; what Lucas and his followers were arguing was that Keynesianism must be rejected because it was unable to derive wage stickiness from maximizing behavior.
Lucas initially argued that unexpected nominal shocks still mattered, because people couldn’t initially distinguish them from real shocks, but that this offered no room for useful policy.
Later, freshwater economics rejected even that proposition; the business cycle was all about real shocks, with demand playing no role at all.
At no point was this rejection of Keynesianism driven by superior empirical performance; it was all about the principle, about refusing to incorporate anything that wasn’t derived from maximization all the way.
So you can’t say, “Well, OK, maybe people aren’t hyperrational, and wages really are sticky” and then go back to hating on Keynesians.
Grant that one point — as you should, because the evidence is overwhelming — and you’ve conceded, whether you know it or not, that much of macroeconomics spent three-plus decades following a blind alley.
I see that some of Caplan’s commenters are willing to accept that nominal demand matters, but draw the line at “nonsense” like the liquidity trap.
Well, the zero lower bound is also a fact, and once you start admitting that demand matters, you’ll find yourself inexorably arriving at liquidity-trap analysis.
But leave that for another day.
The key point here is that to concede the obvious about nominal wages is, like it or not, to concede that Lucas, Prescott, and so on were just a great detour away from useful macroeconomics.
Simon Wren-Lewis, following up on Bryan Caplan, makes the case that downward nominal rigidity of wages is simply a fact, attested to by overwhelming evidence.
Furthermore, it’s a fact that we understand fairly well in terms of behavioral economics.
So he suggests that the unwillingness of many macroeconomists to incorporate this fact in their models — because it doesn’t have “microfoundations” — says something disturbing about the state of the field.
He’s right, but I have the sense that many of his readers — and just about all of Caplan’s commenters — don’t understand the significance of this observation for the history of macroeconomics over the past 40 years.
You see, the question of wage (and price) stickiness, and hence of real effects of changes in nominal demand, was what the great rejection of Keynesianism was all about.
And I mean all about.
Back in the 70s, there was hardly any discussion of the determinants of nominal demand; what Lucas and his followers were arguing was that Keynesianism must be rejected because it was unable to derive wage stickiness from maximizing behavior.
Lucas initially argued that unexpected nominal shocks still mattered, because people couldn’t initially distinguish them from real shocks, but that this offered no room for useful policy.
Later, freshwater economics rejected even that proposition; the business cycle was all about real shocks, with demand playing no role at all.
At no point was this rejection of Keynesianism driven by superior empirical performance; it was all about the principle, about refusing to incorporate anything that wasn’t derived from maximization all the way.
So you can’t say, “Well, OK, maybe people aren’t hyperrational, and wages really are sticky” and then go back to hating on Keynesians.
Grant that one point — as you should, because the evidence is overwhelming — and you’ve conceded, whether you know it or not, that much of macroeconomics spent three-plus decades following a blind alley.
I see that some of Caplan’s commenters are willing to accept that nominal demand matters, but draw the line at “nonsense” like the liquidity trap.
Well, the zero lower bound is also a fact, and once you start admitting that demand matters, you’ll find yourself inexorably arriving at liquidity-trap analysis.
But leave that for another day.
The key point here is that to concede the obvious about nominal wages is, like it or not, to concede that Lucas, Prescott, and so on were just a great detour away from useful macroeconomics.
The debt ceiling situation remains extremely foggy.
Republican leaders seem, slowly, to be coming to the realization that Obama is serious about this business of not engaging in hostage negotiations — but they’re still trying to bargain (kill your main achievement?
No?
OK, how about killing Social Security instead?).
Will they realize that this just isn’t going to work before the money runs out?
Nobody knows.
And nobody knows what comes next.
The immediate question is whether Treasury can, in fact, “prioritize” — pay interest on the debt while stiffing everyone else, from vendors to Social Security recipients.
If they can, they might choose to do this to avoid financial meltdown.
But as I and many others have emphasized, even if this is possible, it would be a catastrophe, because the Federal government would be forced into huge spending cuts (Social Security checks and Medicare payments would surely take a hit, because there isn’t that much else).
We’re looking at something like 4 percent of GDP, which given fairly standard multipliers would imply an eventual contraction by 6 percent.
Except that standard multipliers are wrong — it would be much, much worse.
I haven’t seen anyone making this point, but it’s very important.
Standard estimates of the effects of cuts in government spending take into account the role of the federal government as an automatic stabilizer: the deficit rises as the economy shrinks, mainly because tax receipts go down but also because safety-net spending goes up.
Typical estimates are that the federal deficit rises around 40 cents for every dollar decline in GDP: But if the federal government is up against the debt ceiling, it will have to offset these revenue declines and automatic spending increases with further cuts.
So the initial 6 percent decline in GDP would force a further 2.4 percent of GDP in cuts, leading to another round of GDP decline, and so on.
Take these effects into account, and the multiplier effect of an initial decline in government spending should be around 2.5, not 1.5.
So we could be looking at a 10 percent decline in GDP, and a 5 point rise in unemployment, even if interest is paid in full.
This wouldn’t happen all at once; it won’t happen if the debt ceiling crisis lasts only a few weeks, in part because many of the people being stiffed would still expect payment eventually.
But a sustained debt crisis could have immense negative effects even if default on securities (as opposed to default on contracts, which would still happen en masse) is avoided.
If we have a debt-ceiling crisis in a couple of weeks, with dire economic effects, don’t just blame Boehner’s Bunglers; you should also blame the deficit scolds — the Committee for a Responsible Peterson Budget and so on, and all the Very Serious People who have lent them support.
For as Jonathan Chait reminds us, these organizations all cheered the Republicans on in 2011, as they made the first-ever use of the debt ceiling to blackmail a sitting president.
If they are now horrified by the prospect of a financial crisis, well, guys, you’re the ones who insisted that extortion was OK as long as you thought it served your goals.
Obama won’t, can’t negotiate over the debt ceiling, and Republicans still haven’t figured that out.
So you have to say that it’s pretty likely that we will indeed hit the ceiling.
Suppose that Obama’s lawyers tell him that extraordinary measures like just ignoring the ceiling or minting the coin are out.
Then what?
Well, Goldman Sachs has a short paper (not online) arguing that the government probably could prioritize payments on Treasury bills, avoiding the breakdown of markets that would come from putting the world’s key safe asset into default.
They don’t sound too confident.
But even if they’re right, the government would still go into arrears on many other payments, from contractor bills to medical bills.
And it would be forced into savage spending cuts, around 4 percent of GDP, that wouldn’t just cause hardship (Surprise!
No Social Security for you this month!)
but amount to a severely contractionary fiscal policy, sending us into recession if it lasted any length of time.
I think this is important.
Lots of people have been focusing on the possibility of a mega-Lehman event, but even if we somehow avoid that, this will be a catastrophe.
Simon Wren-Lewis is puzzled by a Ken Rogoff column that sorta-kinda defends Cameron’s austerity policies.
His puzzlement, which I share, comes at several levels.
But I want to focus on just one thing: Rogoff’s assertion that Britain could have faced a southern Europe-style crisis, with a loss of investor confidence driving up interest rates and plunging the economy into a deep slump.
As I’ve written before, I just don’t see how this is supposed to happen in a country with its own currency that doesn’t have a lot of foreign currency debt – especially if the country is currently in a liquidity trap, with monetary policy constrained by the zero lower bound on interest rates.
You would think, given how many warnings have been issued about this possibility, that someone would have written down a simple model of the mechanics, but I have yet to see anything of the sort.
Let’s start with something like a canonical model – a model in which there’s an IS curve representing the effects of interest rates on demand, and monetary policy is described by some kind of Taylor rule.
David Romer calls this the IS-MP model, and it looks something like this at a given point of time: Here the MP curve represents the central bank’s response function for a given rate of inflation, with rates rising if output goes up a la Taylor.
The flat section represents the zero lower bound.
As Romer points out in his notes, this can be reinterpreted as an open-economy model if we let capital flows be influenced by the exchange rate (most international econ types tend to think in terms of stocks rather than flows, but it doesn’t really matter here), so that a lower interest rate leads to currency depreciation.
In this case the IS curve includes the effect of a weaker currency in promoting net exports.
Now suppose that investors turn on your country for some reason.
This can be represented as a decline in capital inflows at any given interest rate, so that the currency depreciates.
If you have a lot of foreign-currency-denominated debt, this could actually shift IS left through balance-sheet effects, as we learned in the Asian crisis.
But that’s not the case for Britain; clearly, IS shifts right.
If LM doesn’t shift, the interest rate will rise, but only because the loss of investor confidence is actually, through depreciation, having an expansionary effect.
We could modify this conclusion if the central bank is worried about the inflationary effect of depreciation, so that MP shifts left.
In this case we could, possibly, have a contractionary effect of lost investor confidence – but the channel runs through the inflation fears of the central bank, which doesn’t seem to be at all what Rogoff or others are talking about: Furthermore, suppose that we start in a liquidity trap.
In that case monetary policy is initially tighter than the central bank would like, so that even if MP shifts left it won’t matter unless the shift is very large: My point is that what sounds like a straightforward claim – that loss of foreign confidence causes a contractionary rise in interest rates – just doesn’t come out of anything like a standard model.
If you want to claim that it will happen nonetheless, show me the model!
Now, you might argue that IS-MP is a model of the short-term interest rate, and we’re talking about long-term rates here.
But long rates are largely determined by expected future short rates, so this argument doesn’t make sense unless you have some story about why short rates should rise somewhere along the way.
Furthermore, as Wren-Lewis says, even if there is somehow a squeeze on long-term bonds, why can’t the central bank just buy them up?
Yes, this is “printing money” – but when you’re in a liquidity trap, that doesn’t matter.
(Alternatively, you can take a consolidated view of the government and central bank balance sheets, in which case what we’re effectively doing is refinancing at the zero short-term rate.)
I know that many people find this line of argument, in which a loss of investor confidence is if anything expansionary, deeply counterintuitive.
But macro, and especially liquidity trap macro, tends to be like that.
So don’t give me your gut feelings; give me a coherent story about who does what, i.e.
a model.
I eagerly await a response.
Still taking kind of an emotional vacation from current political madness.
Following up on my skeptical post on worries about slowing trade growth, I wondered what a state-of-the-art model would say.
The natural model to use, at least for me, is Eaton-Kortum (pdf), which is a very ingenious approach to thinking about multilateral trade flows.
The basic model is Ricardian — wine and cloth and labor productivity and all that — except that there are many goods and many countries, transportation costs, and countries are assumed to gain productivity in any particular industry through a random process.
They make some funny assumptions about distributions — hey, that’s kind of the price of entry for this kind of work — and in return get a tractable model that yields gravity-type equations for international trade flows.
This is a good thing, because gravity models of trade — purely empirical exercises, with no real theory behind them — are known to work pretty well.
Their model also yields a simple expression for the welfare gains from trade (p. 15): Real income = A*(1-import share)^(-1/theta) where A is national productivity and theta is a parameter of their assumed random process (don’t ask); they suggest that theta=4 provides the best match to available data.
Now, what I wanted to do was apply this to the rapid growth of trade that has taken place since around 1990, what Subramanian calls “hyperglobalization”.
According to Subramanian’s estimates, overall trade in goods and services has risen from about 19 percent of world GDP in the early 1990s to 33 percent now, bringing us to a level of integration that really is historically unprecedented.
There are some conceptual difficulties with using this rise directly in the Eaton-Kortum framework, because much of it has taken the form of trade in intermediate goods, and the framework isn’t designed to handle that.
Still, let me ignore that, and plug Subramanian’s numbers into the equation above; I get a 4.9 percent rise in real incomes due to increased globalization.
That’s by no means small change, but it’s only a fairly small fraction of global growth.
The Maddison database gives us a 45 percent rise in global GDP per capita over the same period, so this calculation suggests that rising trade was responsible for around 10 percent of overall global growth.
My guess is that most people who imagine themselves well-informed would give a bigger number.
By the way, for those critical of globalization, let me hasten to concede that by its nature the Eaton-Kortum model doesn’t let us talk about income distribution, and it also makes no room for the possible role of globalization in causing secular stagnation.
Still, I thought this was an interesting calculation to make — which may show more about my warped sense of what’s interesting than it does about anything else.
I’ve spent most of today both under pressure to get an assignment out the door and under the weather; still sniffling, but the piece has been emailed off, so a bit of time for the blog.
Except I feel like taking a vacation from both the shutdown and Obamacare.
So let’s talk about trade — specifically, a recent post by Gavyn Davies, “Why world trade growth has lost its mojo,” which expresses deep concern over the fact that in recent years trade hasn’t grown much faster than global GDP.
He suggests that hidden protectionism may be partly to blame, and that this may have large economic costs.
So, I’m going to disagree with both propositions.
First, on the general point of the welfare gains from trade: I’m basically with Dani Rodrik here.
Standard economic models do not imply huge gains from trade liberalization.
You can make arguments that suggest bigger gains, but they’re highly speculative, and the credulity with which people accept dubious nonstandard arguments for big trade gains contrasts oddly with the gimlet eye cast on arguments for, say, industrial policy.
You should definitely not accept estimates that every dollar of additional trade raises world GDP by 46 cents — an extremely high number — as being definitive.
But my main thought, reading Davies’s piece, was that the belief that trade must always expand much faster than output, and that there’s something wrong if it doesn’t, doesn’t stand up to careful scrutiny.
In part, this notion comes from the fact that trade has grown faster than output since 1950.
However, up through about 1970 that only represented a return to levels of trade relative to output that prevailed before World War I: On the other hand, one does see that business cycle fluctuations produce large fluctuations in trade, much bigger in percentage terms than the moves in GDP, which you might take — which Davies does take — as an indication that the “income elasticity” of trade, the percentage rise for every percent rise in GDP, is much bigger than one.
This is, I’d say, a confusion between short-term and long-term issues.
Consider, instead of trade, industrial production.
We know that this fluctuates much more than GDP over the business cycle, because purchases of manufactured goods slump much more in recessions than purchases of services.
Over the long run, however, industrial production and GDP grow at roughly equal rates.
There’s no reason trade couldn’t be the same way.
In fact, one reason trade fluctuates so much in the short run is precisely because it’s dominated by manufactured goods.
To explain a rising long-term ratio of trade to GDP, we have to turn instead to structural changes in the world economy, of which the most obvious involve declining costs of trade.
My view is that rapid trade growth since World War II was driven by two great waves of trade liberalization and one major technological innovation.
The first wave of trade liberalization involved industrial countries, and was largely over by 1980: The second wave involved the great opening of developing countries: This is still going on, but the major opening of Latin America, China, and India is already well behind us.
Finally, there’s The Box — containerization, which made the vertical disintegration of production, with separate stages carried out in far-distant nations, possible.
But this too has been going on for a while.
The point is that it’s entirely reasonable to believe that the big factors driving globalization were one-time changes that are receding in the rear-view mirror, so that we should expect the share of trade in GDP to plateau — and that this doesn’t represent any kind of problem.
In fact, it’s conceivable that things like rising fuel costs and automation (which makes labor costs less central) will lead to some “reshoring” of manufacturing to advanced countries, and a corresponding decline in the trade share.
Ever-growing trade relative to GDP isn’t a natural law, it’s just something that happened to result from the policies and technologies of the past few generations.
We should be neither amazed nor disturbed if it stops happening.
Dean Baker weighs in on my secular stagnation piece, and argues that persistent trade deficits are a big part of the problem.
I don’t disagree, although there are some issues I need to think through.
Here’s the US balance on current account – the trade balance broadly defined — as a percentage of GDP: Leaving aside the large surplus just after World War II, we went from persistent small surpluses before 1980 to persistent large deficits after 1980.
This meant that we needed more domestic demand, other things equal, to achieve full employment — and arguably that we needed a series of bubbles and rising leverage, which are no longer forthcoming.
The reason I’m hesitating a bit before simply declaring trade the culprit is the issue of causation, and the related issue of whether those deficits are likely to persist.
Why, exactly, did we start running persistent deficits?
After around 2000, you could argue that policies abroad were responsible: China and other developing countries were clearly keeping their currencies undervalued and accumulating large dollar reserves, and the counterpart of that accumulation had to be deficits in the rest of the world, which ended up meaning us.
But the deficits began long before that, and some of the biggest surpluses out there are being run by countries that don’t do a lot of foreign exchange intervention (e.g.
Germany).
So the causation could run the other way, with deregulation and rising leverage pulling in foreign capital, keeping the dollar overvalued, and producing persistent deficits.
And you might therefore argue that we can avoid secular stagnation by letting low interest rates lead to a debased dollar (hi, Congressman Ryan!
), more competitive U.S. manufacturing, and balanced trade.
Or maybe not, because who exactly is supposed to be on the receiving end of our improved balance?
I’m still working on this.
But Dean is right to say that trade deficits are an important part of the story — and this is, by the way, something I’ve been saying for quite a while.
Looking at current macroeconomic policy, the obvious question is, stupid or evil?
And the obvious answer is, why do we have to choose?
But it is, I think worthwhile – or at any rate soothing – to think about the longer-term future for monetary and fiscal policy.
I recently talked about some of these issues with Adair Turner, and I thought I might write up my version of the story so far (just to be clear, Adair bears no responsibility for any errors or confusion in what follows).
In brief, there is a case for believing that the problem of maintaining adequate aggregate demand is going to be very persistent – that we may face something like the “secular stagnation” many economists feared after World War II.
So, let’s start with the basic role of monetary policy in stabilizing the economy.
Many, probably most macroeconomists – or at any rate those who think at all about policy – think of that role something like this: Here IS shows how overall real spending and hence the level of real GDP depends on the real interest rate.
We think of the central bank as being able to set the real interest rate; its goal is to set that rate at a level that keeps the economy near potential output, which in turn is consistent with low and stable inflation.
This is equivalent conceptually to setting the rate at the Wicksellian natural interest rate.
Not that long ago, macroeconomists were congratulating central bankers (and central bankers were, of course, congratulating themselves) over doing a pretty good job of getting this right.
Inflation, occasional commodity shocks aside, was indeed low and stable, and from 1985 to 2007 the real economy was fairly stable too.
Then came catastrophe – and as so often happens, when the house collapses you find the skeletons that were lurking in the closet all along.
The stability of prices and output masked an underlying unsustainable growth in leverage: It was a Minsky moment waiting to happen, and happen it did.
When the Minsky moment came, there was a rush to deleverage; this drove down overall demand for any given interest rate, and made the Wicksellian natural rate substantially negative, pushing us into a liquidity trap: This meant that monetary policy could no longer do the job of stabilizing the economy: Central banks found themselves up against the zero lower bound.
Fiscal policy could and should have helped, and automatic stabilizers did help mitigate the slump.
But fiscal discourse went completely off the rails, and overall we had unprecedented austerity when we should have had stimulus.
So we’ve had an economic disaster – and our inability to avoid this disaster makes a mockery of all the self-congratulation of the years that preceded it.
But how should pre-2008 policy have been different?
And what should policy look like looking forward?
There are many economic commentators who take rising leverage, asset bubbles and all that as prima facie evidence that monetary policy was too loose; some argue that the Fed kept rates too low for too long after the 2001 recession, some argue that interest rates were too low over the whole period from 1985 to 2007.
The trouble with this line of argument is that if monetary policy is assigned the task of discouraging people from excessive borrowing, it can’t pursue full employment and price stability, which are also worthy goals (as well as being the Fed’s legally binding mandate).
Specifically, since the US economy shows no signs of having been overheated on average from 1985 to 2007, the argument that the Fed should nonetheless have set higher rates is an argument that the Fed should have kept the real economy persistently depressed, and unemployment persistently high – and also run the risk of deflation – in order to keep borrowers and lenders from making bad decisions.
That’s quite a demand.
Many of us would therefore argue that the right answer isn’t tighter money but tighter regulation: higher capital ratios for banks, limits on risky lending, but also perhaps limits for borrowers too, such as maximum loan-to-value ratios on housing and restrictions on second mortgages.
This would guard against bubbles and excessive leverage, while leaving monetary policy free to pursue conventional goals.
Or would it?
Our current episode of deleveraging will eventually end, which will shift the IS curve back to the right.
But if we have effective financial regulation, as we should, it won’t shift all the way back to where it was before the crisis.
Or to put it in plainer English, during the good old days demand was supported by an ever-growing burden of private debt, which we neither can nor should expect to resume; as a result, demand is going to be lower even once the crisis fades.
And here’s the worrisome thing: what if it turns out that we need ever-growing debt to stay out of a liquidity trap?
What if the economy looks like Figure 4 even after deleveraging is over?
Then what?
This is not a new fear: worries about secular stagnation, about a persistent shortfall of demand even at low interest rates, were very widespread just after World War II.
At the time, those fears proved unfounded.
But they weren’t irrational, and second time could be the charm.
Bear in mind that interest rates were actually pretty low even during the era of rising leverage, and got worryingly close to zero after the 2001 recession and even, you might say, after the 90-91 recession (there was talk of a liquidity trap even then).
It’s not hard to believe that liquidity traps could become common, if not the norm, in an economy in which prudential action, public and private, has brought the era of rising leverage to an end.
And in that case, then what?
We might try to figure out why we seem to need leverage and bubbles to have full employment, and try to fix it.
More thoughts on that on another day.
But what if that isn’t an option?
One answer could be a higher inflation target, so that the real interest rate can go more negative.
I’m for it!
But you do have to wonder how effective that low real interest rate can be if we’re simultaneously limiting leverage.
Another answer could be sustained, deficit-financed fiscal stimulus.
But, you say, this would lead to exploding public debt!
Actually, no – not if the real interest rate is persistently below the economy’s growth rate, which it will certainly be if it’s persistently negative.
In that case the government can run a primary deficit even while keeping the debt-GDP ratio constant – and the higher the level of debt, the higher the allowable deficit.
OK, I’m shooting from the hip here.
The main point is simply that the weirdness of our current situation may well go on much longer than anyone currently imagines.
I’ve been part of a discussion over the direction of economic policy debate — as opposed to the direction of actual economic policy — in which an interesting question has been raised: which prominent economists are now making the best case for fiscal austerity?
It’s a tough question to answer, because at this point it’s hard to find any prominent economists making that case.
By “prominent”, by the way, I’m trying not to make a personal judgment.
I may think that [redacted] is actually not too bright, and doesn’t deserve his reputation, while I may think that [redacted] is actually a far better economist than many others with bigger professional reputations, but that’s not the question here; the question is which economists with big reputations and large citation indexes are making the austerian case.
And the answer is, it’s hard to think of any.
Alberto Alesina, once the guru of expansionary austerity, is still defending his earlier research, but not playing a major role in current policy debate.
Reinhart and Rogoff, whose 90-percent cliff was once gospel, are defending their professional reputations while trying to move on, but aren’t lending their voices to calls for continuing austerity.
Who’s left?
Yes, you can find economists at right-wing think tanks and some international organizations making the austerian case, but again, I’m talking about economists with big independent reputations, justified or not.
And I can’t think of any.
That wing of austerianism has simply dissolved.
And as far as we can tell, it makes no difference.
Have Paul Ryan, George Osborne, Olli Rehn, Wolfgang Schäuble changed their tune even a bit?
No, they’re busy claiming one quarter of positive growth as vindication.
For those who like to think that serious economic debates matter, it has been a humbling experience.
I’ve mentioned David Romer’s nice formulation of modern applied macro — the way people actually think, as opposed to the intertemporal maximization with whipped cream that’s respectable.
David now informs me that he has a set of publicly available class notes (pdf) that have been regularly updated, covering that ground even better — with an extensive section on the liquidity trap.
Romer’s notes still imply that a protracted liquidity trap should lead to accelerating deflation, which doesn’t seem to happen; I think most of us have turned to downward nominal wage rigidity as an explanation.
In any case, this is more or less the state of the practical art, and I’m delighted to learn that he’s put it together.
Via Philip Lane, the WSJ reports that the European Commission is reconsidering its methods for estimating potential output for Spain and other countries.
And high time too.
I’ve noted on a number of occasions that the standard methods for estimating economic potential are working very badly in this slump; they are, all too often, causing officials to interpret the slump as “structural”, something that can be fixed only through painful reforms (which, when unemployment fails to fall, will be dismissed as just not enough) rather than as a shortfall in demand.
Spain is an especially striking case.
If you look at the European Commission’s current estimates of the structural rate of unemployment in Spain — they look at the NAWRU, the non-accelerating wage rate of unemployment) — it looks like this: So Spain has had a puzzling surge in structural unemployment — and by surge I mean a rise of 150 percent.
Why might that be?
Or maybe nothing like that actually happened.
I’ve noted before that US data since the Great Moderation actually look a lot like an old-fashioned Phillips curve, which is actually what you would expect if expectations of inflation are, as the central bankers like to say, “well anchored”.
On a quick examination, the same is true for Spain.
I’ve plotted the inflation rate as measured by the GDP deflator against unemployment since Spain joined the euro, presumably anchoring expectations.
It looks like this: Maybe nothing structural has changed, and it’s just inadequate demand?
Now, to give the devil his due, this scatterplot does suggest that the Spanish economy was overheated in the mid-2000s.
But it also suggests that given 2 percent inflation or a bit higher, Spain ought to be able to have an unemployment rate around 15 percent, or 10 percent lower than where it is now.
That’s a lot of unnecessary unemployment.
And it also gives an indication of the costs of “internal devaluation,” which require that Spain run very low inflation, several points below Germany, for years on end.
Just out of conference, and probably not much posting.
But I wanted to tie together two of this week’s stories: the new Census numbers on income and poverty, and the GOP vote to throw several million people off food stamps.
It has now become dogma on the right that the expansion of the SNAP program represents some kind of explosion of moocherism, not a safety net program providing, you know, a safety net in tough economic times.
This despite clear evidence (pdf) that the recent rise in SNAP participation is overwhelmingly a response to the economy.
To the extent that there’s any rational argument here at all, I think, it rests on the observation that while SNAP enrollment did fall during the boom of the 1990s, it was flat or rising during the expansion of the middle Bush years.
This supposedly shows that the program’s use was being driven by things other than economic factors.
But there’s a crucial point such analyses miss: the “Bush boom,” such as it was, never did trickle down to lower-income Americans — the kind of people who might use food stamps.
Here’s a chart comparing income, in 2012 dollars, at the 20th percentile (left axis, inverted) with the percentage of the population on SNAP: The Clinton expansion led to a substantial rise in incomes near in the lower part of the distribution, and was accompanied by a sharp fall in SNAP usage.
The Bush expansion never did reach many Americans, so it’s no surprise that SNAP use didn’t fall.
And then, of course, SNAP use surged in the crisis, which is what is supposed to happen with a safety net program.
Oh, and SNAP use hasn’t come down yet in the recovery because for lower-income Americans, there hasn’t been a recovery.
Since someone is going to point it out: yes, there has been some expansion of eligibility — much of it with bipartisan support — so that more people are on food stamps now than during the early 1990s, even though incomes are similar.
But the story of the past decade is overwhelmingly about a program doing exactly what it’s supposed to do, aiding people facing real hardship.
It was, I suppose, predictable that Europe’s austerians would claim vindication at the first hint of an upturn.
Still, Wolfgang Schäuble’s piece in the FT, in which he claims complete vindication because Europe has had one, count it, one quarter of growth is pretty awesome even relative to expectations.
Bear in mind that the record on jobs looks like this: It takes quite a lot of chutzpah — do they have that word in Germany?
— to claim that this is a record of successful preparation for structural transformation.
What about all the livelihoods, and in some cases lives, destroyed?
What about the millions of young Europeans who still see no hope of getting a decent job?
I’d take particular professional exception to Schäuble’s claim that Europe is following the recipe of Sweden in the early 1990s and Asia in the late 1990s.
Those recipes involved large currency devaluations, not the slow,grinding “internal devaluation” supposedly happening in Europe’s periphery.
And as I’ve stressed a number of times, the Asian economies bounced back fast, with nothing like the seemingly endless depression in much of Europe: What we have to realize here, however, is that at this point it’s not just a matter of ideology: egos and careers are at stake.
The evidence suggests that Europe’s austerians did a terrible thing, ruining the lives of millions.
They will never admit it; they will seize on anything that gives them an out.
Jonathan Chait has a rather discouraging post to the effect that the opponents of austerity have won a decisive intellectual victory, and it has made no difference.
Yes, I’d noticed.
Over the course of fall 2012 and spring 2013, the opponents of austerity were vindicated on every intellectual front.
Interest rates stayed low despite high debt and deficits (and fell in Europe once the central bank began doing its job as lender of last resort).
The evidence became overwhelming that cutting spending and raising taxes in a slump depressed output, and by much more than the IMF had previously assumed.
The alleged debt cliff, with growth falling off sharply once debt exceeded 90 percent of GDP, turned out not to exist — and even the mild negative correlation between debt and growth seems to be mainly reverse causation.
But nothing changed in policy — and the austerians may well come out as political winners despite having been wrong about everything.
Why?
Well, there are two facts you need to know.
One is that economies tend to improve, eventually, even if they’ve been depressed by bad policies.
The other is that voters, and to an important extent the chattering classes as well, evaluate politicians not by the absolute level of income, far less by a comparison between how things are with how they should be, but by the recent rate of change.
So in an important sense all the austerians had to do was hang on long enough.
Sooner or later there would be an upturn, and they could claim credit.
If you want to see this effect in action, consider the legend of Reaganonomics.
This is much-traveled terrain, but I may have something new to contribute: a comparison of what actually happened under Reagan with what the Congressional Budget Office was predicting before he was elected.
Back then the CBO only did 5-year projections; still, comparing the CBO’s projections from early 1980 with what actually happened is revealing.
Start with unemployment.
CBO knew that a recession was underway, but they didn’t know that a double dip was coming, so they projected substantially lower unemployment than actually happened: What about growth?
Again, actual output fell well short of projections in 1982-3, thanks to that double dip.
By 1985 the economy was only roughly back on the track CBO expected back in 1980: The one place where the economy in 1985 was significantly better than expected in 1980 was inflation, which CBO expected to be near 8 percent, but was actually below 4 percent.
But that was no surprise given the unexpectedly severe slump, which a standard Phillips curve said would reduce inflation, and did.
So a quick summary of what happened during Reagan’s first term is that the U.S. economy experienced a much worse slump than almost anyone expected, then recovered by 1985 roughly to trend, with unemployment still somewhat elevated.
On the whole, it was a bad record, with hundreds of billions of potential output wasted and a lot of gratuitous pain for the unemployed.
But that, of course, is not how it played politically.
Because output was growing fast and unemployment falling fast in 1984, as the election approached, it was Morning in America!
Supply-side economics vindicated, Keynesianism destroyed!
And this legend lives on to this day.
Actually, it was kind of a real-world example of Simon Wren-Lewis’s thought experiment of shutting half the economy down — or in this case more like shutting a few percent of the economy down — then starting it up again, and hailing the resulting growth as a policy triumph.
I think we need to face the possibility that something like this may happen in the UK, and maybe even in Europe.
But even if it does, the answer is to keep on plugging away at the truth, and remember that the wheel of fortune turns.
Remember, it was only 8 years from Morning in America to “It’s the economy, stupid.”
An interesting article by Matthew Klein in Bizweek about why Mike Woodford is in favor of a Fed taper, even as he calls for much more aggressive forward guidance to the effect that short-term rates will stay low for a long time.
What’s that about?
In part, it’s part of a continuing debate, going back to the 90s, over what to do in the face of the zero lower bound.
On one side were me, Woodford, Lars Svensson, and others, arguing that the central bank should try to gain leverage by promising to keep rates low — by credibly promising to be irresponsible, as I said in 1998.
(Self-promoting memo: I do think this literature started with my 1998 paper, not the excellent Eggertsson and Woodford 2003 piece.)
On the other side were Bernanke and the Fed staff, who argued that the job could be done simply by having the Fed change the composition and maybe size of its balance sheet, the strategy we’ve come to know as quantitative easing.
Woodford has been arguing for some time that the balance-sheet approach is inadequate, and I agree.
But why does he think QE, or at any rate expansion of the Fed’s balance sheet, is positively harmful?
I’m not sure.
But the discussion has led me to do something I should have done some time ago, and recast the QE debate in terms of a Tobin-style framework (pdf).
What Tobin suggested was that we think of financial market in terms of a sort of ultra-short-term equilibrium, before changing asset prices have time to have any effect on the real economy.
In that case, asset prices must adjust to make people willing to hold the asset stocks currently out there; so it’s a sort of restricted general equilibrium.
To think of Fed policy in our current situation, you can imagine a financial equilibrium in which there are three assets: short-term Treasuries/monetary base — which are equivalent and yield an approximately zero rate of interest; long-term Treasuries; and mortgage-backed securities.
There are two interest rates that clear the markets — the rates on Treasuries and MBS (the third rate is fixed at zero).
And Walras’s Law tells us that if the markets for Treasuries and MBS clear, so does the market for short-term assets.
The normal assumption is that the three assets are gross substitutes.
This implies a picture like this: Other things equal, a rise in the interest rate on Treasuries reduces the demand for MBS, requiring a compensating — but smaller — rise in the rate on MBS, and vice versa.
Hence the two equilibrium schedules.
Now, suppose the Fed wants to boost the economy.
To do that, it must reduce private-sector borrowing rates — here, the rate on MBS.
And it can do that directly, by buying MBS.
This is a swap of short-term assets for MBS, and shifts the MBS equilibrium schedule left: What the Fed has been doing recently, however, is something else: buying long-term Treasuries.
This looks like this: This should indirectly reduce the interest rate on MBS, but maybe not by much.
If MBS and Treasuries are poor substitutes, the MBS curve may be very steep; and if Treasuries and short-term assets are close substitutes, the Treasury curve may not move much.
I’m pretty sure Woodford believes in the second point, as do I; Krishnamurthy and Vissing-Jorgenson (pdf) have been strongly arguing for the first.
(Incidentally, KV seem to have backed off an earlier claim that Fed purchases of Treasuries may actually drive up rates on MBS.
This is possible, but it requires that the two asset classes aren’t just poor substitutes, they’re complements, which is possible but is awfully strong.)
So you can see why Woodford is skeptical about QE, although I still don’t see where the size of the Fed’s balance sheet becomes an actual negative.
KV argue that safe assets provide useful services, so that the Fed hurts the economy by taking them off the public’s hands.
OK, I guess, but not the kind of effect the safe-asset-shortage crowd is talking about.
On the whole, I’m sympathetic to skepticism about the effectiveness of QE, predictably.
After all, I’ve been arguing for forward guidance instead for 15 years.
On the other hand, right now investors are not making a clear distinction between QE and forward guidance; taper talk has been accompanied by a clear shift in expectations toward the notion that the Fed will raise short-term rates sooner rather than later.
So I wouldn’t be tapering now — it sends a bad signal at a time when recovery remains very weak and fragile.
But interesting stuff, anyway — and I do love the chance to roll out my old Tobin lore.
A further thought on this ongoing discussion with Konczal, Baker, and Rowe over whether economies tend to self-correct.
I think it’s useful to ask why, as a practical matter, conventional policy-oriented macroeconomists (myself included) used to think we could normally count on a fairly quick return to full employment after a shock — and why we shouldn’t think so anymore.
So, think about macro as David Romer presented it back in 2000 (pdf).
Romer described his approach as a way to teach macro — real men were supposed to use fully specified intertemporal optimizing models with a cherry on top — but I think it’s actually the way most practical macro people actually thought and to some extent still think.
You basically represent the demand side of the economy with an IS curve; you imagine that monetary policy follows some kind of Taylor rule, in which the central bank sets interest rates based on the inflation rate and possibly some measure of economic slack; and you represent the supply side of the economy with a post-Friedmanite Phillips curve in which inflation rises ever higher if the economy is operating above potential, falls ever lower if the economy is operating below potential.
This is an equilibrating system — I’m not sure if it’s exactly self-equilibrating, because part of the mechanism runs through the mind of the central bank.
But anyway, suppose the economy is depressed; this will lead to steadily falling inflation, which will lead the central bank to keep cutting interest rates (and because the inflation coefficient in Taylor rules is always bigger than one, this means cutting real rates); and eventually the interest rate will fall enough to restore full employment.
So what’s wrong with this pretty picture?
Two ugly zeroes.
First is the zero lower bound on the interest rate: after a sufficiently large shock, the Taylor rule may say that you should keep cutting rates, but you can’t.
Second is downward nominal rigidity, which isn’t quite as binding a constraint, but does lead the Phillips curve to be non-vertical in the face of very low inflation; as an IMF study of persistent large output gaps found, even years of a deeply depressed economy tend to produce at most slow, grinding deflation, and more usually slight positive inflation, not the ever-accelerating deflation the standard model would have predicted.
So here’s what happens after a large negative shock to the economy: the central bank finds itself up against the zero lower bound, so that all it can do is resort to controversial unorthodox measures.
It might do that, or fiscal policy might be forced into action, if the economy really were suffering from accelerating deflation; but instead all you see is low inflation, which might even lead some central bankers to declare that they were doing their job just fine.
In the Bond movies, two zeroes meant a license to kill.
In monetary policy, two zeroes — the hard zero on interest rates and the soft zero on wage changes — can, all too easily, give central bankers a de facto license to let the economy stagnate, remaining far below potential for an indefinite length of time.
A further thought on this ongoing discussion with Konczal, Baker, and Rowe over whether economies tend to self-correct.
I think it’s useful to ask why, as a practical matter, conventional policy-oriented macroeconomists (myself included) used to think we could normally count on a fairly quick return to full employment after a shock — and why we shouldn’t think so anymore.
So, think about macro as David Romer presented it back in 2000 (pdf).
Romer described his approach as a way to teach macro — real men were supposed to use fully specified intertemporal optimizing models with a cherry on top — but I think it’s actually the way most practical macro people actually thought and to some extent still think.
You basically represent the demand side of the economy with an IS curve; you imagine that monetary policy follows some kind of Taylor rule, in which the central bank sets interest rates based on the inflation rate and possibly some measure of economic slack; and you represent the supply side of the economy with a post-Friedmanite Phillips curve in which inflation rises ever higher if the economy is operating above potential, falls ever lower if the economy is operating below potential.
This is an equilibrating system — I’m not sure if it’s exactly self-equilibrating, because part of the mechanism runs through the mind of the central bank.
But anyway, suppose the economy is depressed; this will lead to steadily falling inflation, which will lead the central bank to keep cutting interest rates (and because the inflation coefficient in Taylor rules is always bigger than one, this means cutting real rates); and eventually the interest rate will fall enough to restore full employment.
So what’s wrong with this pretty picture?
Two ugly zeroes.
First is the zero lower bound on the interest rate: after a sufficiently large shock, the Taylor rule may say that you should keep cutting rates, but you can’t.
Second is downward nominal rigidity, which isn’t quite as binding a constraint, but does lead the Phillips curve to be non-vertical in the face of very low inflation; as an IMF study of persistent large output gaps found, even years of a deeply depressed economy tend to produce at most slow, grinding deflation, and more usually slight positive inflation, not the ever-accelerating deflation the standard model would have predicted.
So here’s what happens after a large negative shock to the economy: the central bank finds itself up against the zero lower bound, so that all it can do is resort to controversial unorthodox measures.
It might do that, or fiscal policy might be forced into action, if the economy really were suffering from accelerating deflation; but instead all you see is low inflation, which might even lead some central bankers to declare that they were doing their job just fine.
In the Bond movies, two zeroes meant a license to kill.
In monetary policy, two zeroes — the hard zero on interest rates and the soft zero on wage changes — can, all too easily, give central bankers a de facto license to let the economy stagnate, remaining far below potential for an indefinite length of time.
Simon Wren-Lewis looks at France, and finds that it is engaging in a lot of fiscal austerity — far more than makes sense given the macroeconomic situation.
He notes, however, that France has eliminated its structural primary deficit mainly by raising taxes rather than by cutting spending.
And Olli Rehn — who should be praising the French for their fiscal responsibility, their willingness to defy textbook macroeconomics in favor of the austerity gospel — is furious, declaring that fiscal restraint must come through spending cuts.
As Wren-Lewis notes, Rehn is very clearly overstepping his bounds here: France is a sovereign nation, with a duly elected government — and is not, by the way, seeking any kind of special aid from the Commission.
So he has no business whatsoever telling the French how big their government should be.
But the larger point here, surely, is that Rehn has let the mask slip.
It’s not about fiscal responsibility; it never was.
It was always about using hyperbole about the dangers of debt to dismantle the welfare state.
How dare the French take the alleged worries about the deficit literally, while declining to remake their society along neoliberal lines?
Meanwhile, a logistical note: I’m going to be engaged in crazy travel the rest of this week.
There may be a few points at which I can weigh in, but not too many, I suspect — although there will be a special edition of Friday Night Music, probably posted late Thursday.
A very belated reaction to Steven Erlanger’s piece on French decline, on fears that the proud nation is slipping into second-tier status.
One point one should always note here is Roger Cohen’s: the French have been morose for decades now, yet the country remains a pretty good place to live.
Maybe some discounting is called for?
But there’s another point I almost never see mentioned: there’s one thing the French are still managing to do that other rich European nations, Germany in particular, aren’t as good at — namely, having children.
Here are the Eurostat population projections out to 2060: If we assume that major European nations will have similar levels of GDP per capita, which seems reasonable, then by mid-century France, not Germany, will be the biggest European economy, through sheer force of numbers.
If the EU is still holding together, this could mean that France is in turn the leader of one of the world’s great economic powers.
Welcome to the new French empire!
OK, maybe that’s going too far.
But I am surprised that France’s relative demographic advantage within Europe doesn’t get more attention.
So, I’m feeling young again — well, middle-aged, anyway.
The rupiah is plunging again!
I was one of those economists for whom the Asian crisis of 1997-1998 came as a disturbing revelation, a demonstration that events all too reminiscent of the Great Depression could still happen in the modern world.
Between the acute crises in Southeast Asia and the long stagnation in Japan, it was — or so I thought — all too clear that we did not, in fact, have this thing under control.
Unfortunately, not enough people grasped that lesson, and a decade later we had a global crisis that made the Asian crisis look trivial by comparison.
But anyway, the moving finger of crisis seems for the moment to be pointing back at some of the old crowd.
And I’m catching up on what’s been going on in that part of the world.
The first thing you want to say is that all the crisis economies — even Indonesia, which had by far the worst time in the beginning — eventually bounced back strongly: This is in stark contrast to the experience of the countries that seem like the closest parallel to SE Asia this time around, the troubled euro area debtors.
Here’s a comparison of Indonesia after 1997 and Greece after 2007, with the later years for Greece being the current IMF projections; the number of years after the pre-crisis peak is on the horizontal axis: By this point in the aftermath of the Asian crisis, even Indonesia was well on the road to recovery; Greece, Spain etc.
are still sinking.
What’s worth remembering is that everything people say about why Greece can’t bounce back — structural problems, corruption, weak leadership, yada yada was also said about Indonesia.
So why could Indonesia come back while Greece can’t?
Well, two obvious reasons: Indonesia had a currency that it could devalue, and did, massively.
This caused a lot of short-term financial stress, but paved the way for export-led growth.
And the IMF, after initially pushing austerity policies in Asia, backed off and reversed course; this time around the Troika has been relentless, learning nothing from experience.
Much more on this topic in future posts.
Bob Hall’s paper for Jackson Hole (pdf) is, characteristically for Hall, a mix of very sensible stuff and strange-looking stuff that just might involve a deep insight.
(Hall used to be famous at MIT for talks along the lines of “Not many people understand this, but the IS curve actually slopes up and the LM curve slopes down” — and then, not most of the time but often enough, his apparent craziness would turn out to be a big insight that changed the way you thought about a major issue.)
So, the first half of the paper is a discussion of the problem of aggregate demand in terms of the Wicksellian natural interest rate — the rate consistent with full employment — and the impossibility of reaching that rate right now because of the zero lower bound.
It’s the same framework I’ve been using all along.
The second half, however, is an attempt to explain why excess supply of labor hasn’t led to deflation, in which Hall tries to marry IS-LM macro to a search model of equilibrium unemployment.
The idea is that something — Hall points to higher risk premia, although those have come down a lot since 2009 — is makings firms unwilling to invest in new hires, in effect degrading the process that matches workers to jobs and hence raises equilibrium unemployment.
At least I think that’s what is going on.
Brad DeLong also links to Roger Farmer, presumably because he thinks Farmer, in his attack on the concept of the natural rate of unemployment, is making a fundamentally similar argument.
I guess I think so too, although — well, read it for yourself.
So, do I buy this?
No, or at least not yet, for several reasons.
First, they may be explaining a puzzle that isn’t there.
Hall talks as if it were clear that there is no relationship between economic slack and inflation and/or wage changes.
But suppose we look at the period of the Great Moderation — that is, the period after the great disinflation of the early 80s, after which public expectations of inflation more or less stabilized — and look at an old-fashioned Phillips type relationship between unemployment and the change in wages over the following year.
(I use nonsupervisory employees because the all-employees series doesn’t start until recently).
It looks like this: That looks about as good as, or even better than, the Phillips curves people were looking at back in the early 60s.
Are we sure we have a problem here?
Second, Hall lays a lot of stress on risk premia as sources of shocks, in effect, to aggregate supply — rising risk premia deterring hiring, so that workers have to spend more time searching.
But risk premia, at least as measured by spreads on risky corporate bonds, are way down: Where’s my full employment?
OK, you could argue that this is indicating normalization of markets only for large corporations, and that small business still faces unusual credit constraints.
But Hall is still laying a lot of stress on a factor that isn’t obvious in the data.
Finally, sheer nominal stickiness / money illusion doesn’t seem to play any role in the Hall/Farmer formulation.
Yet we now have overwhelming evidence of the presence of such stickiness, in the form of a large (and increased) share of wages that exhibit precisely zero change from year to year: So, I’m not sold.
But interesting stuff.
Microsoft is still a very profitable company; with some reforms, it will probably endure for a long time, sort of like the post-Diocletian Roman Empire.
But you don’t need David Pogue to tell you — although it helps — that Microsoft missed the boat, big time, on major shifts in the technological landscape.
And now the very network externalities that solidified its former dominance probably stand in the way of any attempt to return to past glories.
No doubt Ballmer and others share some blame for this tale of decline, if not yet fall.
But from a longer perspective, this was bound to happen eventually: Microsoft’s eventual failures surely resulted from its earlier success.
Don’t take it from me — take it from Ibn Khaldun, the 14th-century philosopher: Ibn Khaldun uses the term Asabiyyah to describe the bond of cohesion among humans in a group forming community.
The bond, Asabiyyah, exists at any level of civilization, from nomadic society to states and empires.
Asabiyyah is most strong in the nomadic phase, and decreases as civilization advances.
As this Asabiyyah declines, another more compelling Asabiyyah may take its place; thus, civilizations rise and fall, and history describes these cycles of Asabiyyah as they play out.
Ibn Khaldun argues that each dynasty (or civilization) has within itself the seeds of its own downfall.
He explains that ruling houses tend to emerge on the peripheries of great empires and use the much stronger `asabiyya present in those areas to their advantage, in order to bring about a change in leadership.
This implies that the new rulers are at first considered “barbarians” by comparison to the old ones.
As they establish themselves at the center of their empire, they become increasingly lax, less coordinated, disciplined and watchful, and more concerned with maintaining their new power and lifestyle at the centre of the empire—i.e, their internal cohesion and ties to the original peripheral group, the `asabiyya, dissolves into factionalism and individualism, diminishing their capacity as a political unit.
Thus, conditions are created wherein a new dynasty can emerge at the periphery of their control, grow strong, and effect a change in leadership, beginning the cycle anew.
Yep: the uncouth nerds who created Microsoft became incredibly rich, acquired couth, and lost their edge; Apple stayed edgy in part because of Steve Jobs, but also because it was a disappointment for so long.
And if its plans to build a high-tech Versailles are any indication, the now super-successful Apple may be heading down the same road as its one-time nemesis.
By the way, I learned about Ibn Khaldun from reading Peter Turchin, whose stuff is interesting and great fun if you’re a history nerd like me.
Cullen Roche weighs in on my arguments about the usefulness of IS-LM — and I think we’ve reached a moment of impressive clarity.
Basically, we aren’t having a real argument about the economic substance, on which we appear to agree.
Instead, Roche and others are misunderstanding both what I mean by IS-LM and my reasons for invoking it in our current predicament.
And much of the blame probably rests with yours truly: I probably haven’t been explicit enough about what I’m doing and why.
First things first: one thing I do think Roche gets wrong is misunderstanding the reasons I cite Tobin-Brainard (pdf).
Yes, it’s half a century old, and it discusses things like changes in reserve requirements as a tool of policy that don’t happen any more.
But the whole point of the paper was to ask what would happen if all that stuff went away, if we started to have financial intermediaries that don’t hold reserves at the central bank.
In effect, it was an attempt to anticipate the world we now live in, where even commercial banks hold minimal reserves in normal times and there’s a large shadow banking sector that has no reserve requirements at all.
They asked, would the central bank still have power in such a world?
Their answer was yes — and they were right!
Until we hit the zero lower bound, central banks clearly retained the power to set short-term interest rates, and this in turn gave them lots of traction on the real economy.
But in this more complex world, where even the definition of the money supply becomes highly dubious, why even talk about an LM curve?
Well, before 2008 most macroeconomists didn’t!
They talked instead about interest rate targets, Taylor rules, and all that.
Mike Woodford, who is probably our leading macroeconomist’s macroeconomist, has even made one of his signature modeling tricks the building of models in which there is (almost) no outside money.
Sensible macroeconomists have known for a long time that quantity-theory type models, if they were ever useful, aren’t much use in the modern economy.
So why am I bringing IS-LM into the discussion?
First of all, I should have been much clearer than I have been that the LM curve I’ve been drawing is for a given monetary base, not a given M1, M2,or whatever.
I guess I haven’t said that clearly, although it’s implicit in my old Japan paper (pdf), where I do state clearly the point that in the liquidity trap the central bank, while it can control the monetary base, generally can’t control broader monetary aggregates.
But still, why use any kind of “quantity-centric” approach at all?
The answer is, to refute the bad guys!
Remember, in 2009-2010 there were a lot of people pointing to the rapid rise in the monetary base and declaring that massive inflation was coming any day now; some of them are still waiting.
So I rolled out good old IS-LM to show that in a liquidity trap they were all wrong, that even a huge increase in the base would go nowhere.
This conclusion, by the way, did not depend on interest on excess reserves.
As I’ve pointed out in the past, Japan did a massive quantitative easing without IOER, and the results were basically the same — nothing much — as QE here.
Of course IOER offers a new tool of monetary control — Woodford talked all about that in the 12-year-old paper cited above.
But the fundamentals haven’t changed.
So, if and when we finally emerge from this trap and reenter the world of significantly positive short-term interest rates, will I still be talking in terms of IS-LM?
In normal times central bank monetary policy is conducted in terms of, and best thought of in terms of, the target interest rate — and I won’t have to worry about refuting the inflationary scare stories of Allan Meltzer et al.
So the LM curve will go back into the drawer.
But I will keep it there in case I need it again; it has come in very useful these past five years.
Cullen Roche weighs in on my arguments about the usefulness of IS-LM — and I think we’ve reached a moment of impressive clarity.
Basically, we aren’t having a real argument about the economic substance, on which we appear to agree.
Instead, Roche and others are misunderstanding both what I mean by IS-LM and my reasons for invoking it in our current predicament.
And much of the blame probably rests with yours truly: I probably haven’t been explicit enough about what I’m doing and why.
First things first: one thing I do think Roche gets wrong is misunderstanding the reasons I cite Tobin-Brainard (pdf).
Yes, it’s half a century old, and it discusses things like changes in reserve requirements as a tool of policy that don’t happen any more.
But the whole point of the paper was to ask what would happen if all that stuff went away, if we started to have financial intermediaries that don’t hold reserves at the central bank.
In effect, it was an attempt to anticipate the world we now live in, where even commercial banks hold minimal reserves in normal times and there’s a large shadow banking sector that has no reserve requirements at all.
They asked, would the central bank still have power in such a world?
Their answer was yes — and they were right!
Until we hit the zero lower bound, central banks clearly retained the power to set short-term interest rates, and this in turn gave them lots of traction on the real economy.
But in this more complex world, where even the definition of the money supply becomes highly dubious, why even talk about an LM curve?
Well, before 2008 most macroeconomists didn’t!
They talked instead about interest rate targets, Taylor rules, and all that.
Mike Woodford, who is probably our leading macroeconomist’s macroeconomist, has even made one of his signature modeling tricks the building of models in which there is (almost) no outside money.
Sensible macroeconomists have known for a long time that quantity-theory type models, if they were ever useful, aren’t much use in the modern economy.
So why am I bringing IS-LM into the discussion?
First of all, I should have been much clearer than I have been that the LM curve I’ve been drawing is for a given monetary base, not a given M1, M2,or whatever.
I guess I haven’t said that clearly, although it’s implicit in my old Japan paper (pdf), where I do state clearly the point that in the liquidity trap the central bank, while it can control the monetary base, generally can’t control broader monetary aggregates.
But still, why use any kind of “quantity-centric” approach at all?
The answer is, to refute the bad guys!
Remember, in 2009-2010 there were a lot of people pointing to the rapid rise in the monetary base and declaring that massive inflation was coming any day now; some of them are still waiting.
So I rolled out good old IS-LM to show that in a liquidity trap they were all wrong, that even a huge increase in the base would go nowhere.
This conclusion, by the way, did not depend on interest on excess reserves.
As I’ve pointed out in the past, Japan did a massive quantitative easing without IOER, and the results were basically the same — nothing much — as QE here.
Of course IOER offers a new tool of monetary control — Woodford talked all about that in the 12-year-old paper cited above.
But the fundamentals haven’t changed.
So, if and when we finally emerge from this trap and reenter the world of significantly positive short-term interest rates, will I still be talking in terms of IS-LM?
In normal times central bank monetary policy is conducted in terms of, and best thought of in terms of, the target interest rate — and I won’t have to worry about refuting the inflationary scare stories of Allan Meltzer et al.
So the LM curve will go back into the drawer.
But I will keep it there in case I need it again; it has come in very useful these past five years.
Noah Smith has a fairly caustic meditation on the role of math in economics, in which he says that it’s nothing like the role of math in physics — and suggests that it’s mainly about doing hard stuff to prove that you’re smart.
I share much of his cynicism about the profession, but I think he’s missing the main way (in my experience) that mathematical models are useful in economics: used properly, they help you think clearly, in a way that unaided words can’t.
Take the centerpiece of my early career, the work on increasing returns and trade.
The models I and others used were, in a way, typical of economics: clearly untrue assumptions (symmetric constant elasticity of substitution preferences; symmetric costs across products!
), and involved a fair bit of work to arrive at what sounds in retrospect like a fairly obvious point: even similar countries will end up specializing in different products, and because there are increasing returns in many sectors, this will produce gains from specialization and trade.
But this point was only obvious in retrospect.
People in trade were not saying anything like this until the New Trade Theory models came along and clarified our thinking and language.
Trust me, I was there, and went through a number of seminar experiences in which I had to bring an uncomprehending audience through until they saw the light.
The same is true for the liquidity trap.
The basics of what happens at the zero lower bound aren’t complicated, but people who haven’t worked through small mathematical models — of both the IS-LM and New Keynesian type — generally get all tied up in verbal and conceptual knots.
What is true is that all too many economists have lost sight of this purpose; they treat their models as The Truth, and/or judge each others’ work by how hard the math is.
It sounds as if Smith was taught macro by people like that.
And there are a lot of people in macro, some of them fairly prominent, who are what my old teacher Rudi Dornbusch used to call “fearful plumbers” — people who can push equations around, but have no sense of what they mean, and as a result say quite remarkably stupid things when confronted with real-world economic issues.
But math is good, used right.
OK, the plunging rupee is the big economics story of the day, and I’m trying to get up to speed on the issues.
My immediate question, however, is why the panic?
Yes, the rupee is down a lot in a short time — along with other emerging market currencies.
In fact, its fluctuations are small compared with the obvious comparator, Brazil: (The BIS numbers only go up through July, and I estimated the last month from the dollar-rupee rate.)
We more or less know the story here.
First, advanced countries plunged into a prolonged slump, leading to very low interest rates; capital flooded into emerging markets, causing currency appreciation (or, in the case of China, real appreciation via inflation).
Then markets began to realize that they had overshot, and hints of recovery in advanced countries led to a rise in long-term rates, and down we went.
(I don’t think QE has much to do with it, although your mileage may vary.)
So the recent decline is sharp.
But should India panic?
This would be scary if India was like the Asian crisis countries of 1997-1998 or Argentina in 2001, with large amounts of debt denominated in foreign currency.
But unless I’m misreading the data, it isn’t: Now, the depreciation of the rupee will presumably lead to a spike in inflation — but it should be temporary.
So at first examination this doesn’t look like as big a deal as some headlines are suggesting.
What am I missing?
Brad DeLong catches John Cochrane being remarkably dense: Paul Krugman recommended, with refreshing clarity, that the US government fake an alien invasion so we could spend trillions of dollars building useless defenses.
(I’m not exactly sure why he does not call for real defense spending.
After all, if building aircraft carriers saved the economy in 1941, and defenses against imaginary aliens would save the economy in 2013, it’s not clear why real aircraft carriers have the opposite effect.
But I’m still working on the nuances of new-Keynesianism, so I’ll let him explain the difference.
I’m not a big fan of huge defense spending anyway.)
As I’ve explained before, the alien thing was a modern riff on Keynes’s coalmine thought experiment.
It’s worth quoting that one in full: It is curious how common sense, wriggling for an escape from absurd conclusions, has been apt to reach a preference for wholly ‘wasteful’ forms of loan expenditure rather than for partly wasteful forms, which, because they are not wholly wasteful, tend to be judged on strict ‘business’ principles.
For example, unemployment relief financed by loans is more readily accepted than the financing of improvements at a charge below the current rate of interest; whilst the form of digging holes in the ground known as gold-mining, which not only adds nothing whatever to the real wealth of the world but involves the disutility of labour, is the most acceptable of all solutions.
If the Treasury were to fill old bottles with banknotes, bury them at suitable depths in disused coalmines which are then filled up to the surface with town rubbish, and leave it to private enterprise on well-tried principles of laissez-faire to dig the notes up again (the right to do so being obtained, of course, by tendering for leases of the note-bearing territory), there need be no more unemployment and, with the help of the repercussions, the real income of the community, and its capital wealth also, would probably become a good deal greater than it actually is.
It would, indeed, be more sensible to build houses and the like; but if there are political and practical difficulties in the way of this, the above would be better than nothing.
In a way, I’m amazed by economists who find this sort of thing absurd on its face.
Leave macroeconomics on one side: what about the theory of the second best?
This theory — which is just basic micro — says that when some markets are distorted, for whatever reason, social costs and benefits across the economy don’t correspond to private costs, so that unprofitable, even seemingly wasteful activities can sometimes be beneficial.
And an economy in which millions of willing workers can’t find work is surely one with massive distortions of some kind.
Oh, and let’s always remember that Keyensians like me don’t believe that thing like the paradox of thrift and the paradox of flexibility are the way the economy normally works.
They’re very much exceptional, applying only when interest rates are up against the zero lower bound.
Unfortunately, that happens to be the world we’re currently living in.
Mike Konczal has an interesting and useful essay over at Wonkblog on what conservatives don’t get — namely, their failure to appreciate that some problems are inherently public in nature, and require public solutions.
Somewhat unusually, however, I think that Mike has somewhat missed the point, and engaged in a bit of wishful thinking.
His essay is an excellent critique of libertarians; but most conservatives are not libertarians, even if they like to use libertarian rhetoric now and then.
Think about it: the modern Republican party may be the party of deregulation and low taxes, but it’s also the party of social illiberalism.
Someone like Rick Santorum firmly believes that the government has no right to tell business owners what they can do in the workplace, but has every right to tell ordinary citizens what they can do in the bedroom.
William Buckley’s God and Man at Yale was in large part a diatribe against the notion that colleges were teaching students about unemployment and how to fight it; but what Buckley wanted was, in effect, for those colleges to get back to their proper role, which was religious indoctrination.
In its heyday National Review was a staunch supporter of free markets; but it was also a staunch supporter of Jim Crow — which wasn’t just about the right of white business owners to discriminate against blacks, it was about a system of laws designed to protect white privilege.
All of this makes no sense if you think of liberalism versus conservatism as a simple argument about the size and role of the state.
But it makes perfect sense if you follow Corey Robin, who sees it as being all about the protection of traditional hierarchy: For that is what conservatism is: a meditation on, and theoretical rendition of, the felt experience of having power, seeing it threatened, and trying to win it back.
Now, there are some real libertarians out there, particularly in the realm of economics bloggers, but they have no real power base.
Even when politicians claim to be libertarian, there are telltale giveaways: the two R. Pauls, father and son, may be unusual in questioning the national security state, but they both have a remarkable tendency to cater to and/or employ white supremacists.
And even the hatred for Keynesian economics has less, I think, to do with the notion that unemployment isn’t a proper subject of policy than about the notion of shifting power over the economy’s destiny away from big business and toward elected officials.
That was Kalecki’s point — and I learned about that from Mike Konczal!
So there is an interesting debate to be had about the proper extent of the public sphere.
But that isn’t the debate driving our politics; our left-right split isn’t nearly that idealistic, or innocent.
More than four years ago Allan Meltzer issued a dire prediction: the Fed’s policy of expanding its balance sheet will lead to high inflation.
We’re still waiting for that to happen.
So it might behoove Meltzer to admit that he was wrong and ask where his analysis went wrong.
OK, you can stop laughing now.
What Meltzer does, instead, is complain that the Fed has undermined his perfectly fine analysis.
You see, those dastardly officials are paying interest on reserves – a hefty 0.25 percent – and this has led to something totally unexpected: The US Federal Reserve Board has pumped out trillions of dollars of reserves, but never have so many reserves produced so little monetary growth.
Neither the hawks nor the doves (nor anyone else) expected that.
So the money supply broadly defined hasn’t taken off – a complete surprise!
– and hence no inflation.
Except that this isn’t at all a surprise; it’s exactly what those of us who had analyzed the liquidity trap predicted would happen when you expand the monetary base in an economy at the zero lower bound.
From my 1998 paper on the subject (pdf): The point is important and bears repeating: under liquidity trap conditions, the normal expectation is that an increase in high-powered money will have little effect on broad aggregates … Nor was it just theory.
Meltzer claims support from the lessons of history; but the relevant history is of other liquidity-trap episodes.
Consider, in particular, the case of Japan’s quantitative easing in the early 2000s: Unlike the Fed, the Bank of Japan didn’t pay interest on reserves.
Nonetheless, a huge increase in the monetary base just sat there, mostly in the form of increased bank reserves – the same as what happened in America later.
We might add further that if the Fed can neutralize the supposedly awesome inflationary effect of quantitative easing by paying ¼ percent interest on reserves, it should be very easy to contain the inflationary threat in future.
Anyway, I do get kind of annoyed here.
Some of us came into the global crisis with a well-worked-out theory of monetary and fiscal policy in a liquidity trap; the predictions of that theory have been completely consistent with actual experience.
People like Meltzer chose to disregard all of that, insisting that terrible inflation (and high interest rates) were just around the corner.
You almost never get that clear a test of rival economic views, and the results should be considered decisive.
Instead, the usual suspects stick their heads in the sand and pretend that they have been right all along.
PS: A further count against the claim that interest on excess reserves explains everything is the fact that public holdings of currency have also surged, even though the Fed isn’t paying interest on dead presidents: Again, this is exactly what liquidity-trap models, like my 1998 paper, predicted.
Still thinking about the Bloomberg Businessweek interview with Rand Paul, in which he nominated Milton Friedman’s corpse for Fed chairman.
Before learning that Friedman was dead, Paul did concede that he wasn’t an Austrian.
But I’ll bet he had no idea about the extent to which Friedman really, really wasn’t an Austrian.
In his “Comments on the critics” (of his Monetary Framework) Friedman described the “London School (really Austrian) view” that the depression was an inevitable result of the prior boom, that it was deepened by the attempts to prevent prices and wages from falling and firms from going bankrupt, that the monetary authorities had brought on the depression by inflationary policies before the crash and had prolonged it by “easy money” policies thereafter; that the only sound policy was to let the depression run its course, bring down money costs, and eliminate weak and unsound firms.
and dubbed this view an “atrophied and rigid caricature” of the quantity theory.
The Chicago School, he claimed, never believed in such nonsense.
I have, incidentally, seen attempts to claim that nobody believed this, or at any rate that Hayek never believed this, and that characterizing Hayek as a liquidationist is some kind of liberal libel.
This is really a case of who are you gonna believe, me or your lying eyes.
Let’s go to the text (pdf), p. 275: And, if we pass from the moment of actual crisis to the situation in the following depression, it is still more difficult to see what lasting good effects can come from credit expansion.
The thing which is needed to secure healthy conditions is the most speedy and complete adaptation possible of the structure of production to the proportion between the demand for consumers’ goods and the demand for producers’ goods as determined by voluntary saving and spending.
If the proportion as determined by the voluntary decisions of individuals is distorted by the creation of artificial demand, it must mean that part of the available resources is again led into a wrong direction and a definite and lasting adjustment is again postponed.
And, even if the absorption of the unemployed resources were to be quickened in this way, it would only mean that the seed would already be sown for new disturbances and new crises.
The only way permanently to “mobilize” all available resources is, therefore, not to use artificial stimulants—whether during a crisis or thereafter—but to leave it to time to effect a permanent cure by the slow process of adapting the structure of production to the means available for capital purposes.
(10) And so, at the end of our analysis, we arrive at results which only confirm the old truth that we may perhaps prevent a crisis by checking expansion in time, but that we can do nothing to get out of it before its natural end, once it has come.
If that’s not liquidationism, I’ll eat my structure of production.
David Glasner has been making a series of posts on the legacy of Milton Friedman, some of them in response to Scott Sumner; they’re interesting if you want to delve into the intellectual history.
I’m not personally big on such things — in general, what people thought Keynes or Friedman meant ends up being more important than what they turn out, on close reading, to (maybe, possibly) actually have meant.
For what it’s worth, I think Glasner makes a good case that Friedman was indeed more or less a Keynesian, or maybe Hicksian — certainly that was the message everyone took from his Monetary Framework, which was disappointingly conventional.
And Friedman’s attempts to claim that Keynes added little that wasn’t already in a Chicago oral tradition don’t hold up well either.
But never mind.
What I think is really interesting is the way Friedman has virtually vanished from policy discourse.
Keynes is very much back, even if that fact drives some economists crazy; Hayek is back in some sense, even if one has the suspicion that many self-proclaimed Austrians bring little to the table but the notion that fiat money is the root of all evil — a deeply anti-Friedmanian position.
But Friedman is pretty much absent.
This is hardly what you would have expected not that long ago, when Friedman’s reputation bestrode the economic world like a colossus, when Greg Mankiw declared Friedman, not Keynes, the greatest economist of the 20th century, when Ben Bernanke concluded a speech praising Friedman with the famous line, Let me end my talk by abusing slightly my status as an official representative of the Federal Reserve.
I would like to say to Milton and Anna: Regarding the Great Depression.
You’re right, we did it.
We’re very sorry.
But thanks to you, we won’t do it again.
Best wishes for your next ninety years.
So what happened to Milton Friedman?
Part of the answer is that at this point both of Friedman’s key contributions to macroeconomics look hard to defend.
First, on monetary policy: Even if you give him a pass on the 3 percent growth in M2 thing, which was abandoned by almost everyone long ago, Friedman was still very much associated with the notion that the Fed can control the money supply, and controlling the money supply is all you need to stabilize the economy.
In the wake of the 2008 crisis, this looks wrong from soup to nuts: the Fed can’t even control broad money, because it can add to bank reserves and they just sit there; and money in turn bears little relationship to GDP.
And in retrospect the same was true in the 1930s, so that Friedman’s claim that the Fed could easily have prevented the Great Depression now looks highly dubious.
Second, on inflation and unemployment: Friedman’s success, with Phelps, in predicting stagflation was what really pushed his influence over the top; his notion of a natural rate of unemployment, of a vertical Phillips curve in the long run, became part of every textbook exposition.
But it’s now very clear that at low rates of inflation the Phillips curve isn’t vertical at all, that there’s an underlying downward nominal rigidity to wages and perhaps many prices too that makes the natural rate hypothesis a very bad guide under depression conditions.
So Friedman’s economic analysis has taken a serious hit.
But that’s not the whole story behind his disappearance; after all, all those economists who have been predicting runaway inflation still have a constituency after being wrong year after year.
Friedman’s larger problem, I’d argue, is that he was, when all is said and done, a man trying to straddle two competing world views — and our political environment no longer has room for that kind of straddle.
Think of it this way: Friedman was an avid free-market advocate, who insisted that the market, left to itself, could solve almost any problem.
Yet he was also a macroeconomic realist, who recognized that the market definitely did not solve the problem of recessions and depressions.
So he tried to wall off macroeconomics from everything else, and make it as inoffensive to laissez-faire sensibilities as possible.
Yes, he in effect admitted, we do need stabilization policy — but we can minimize the government’s role by relying only on monetary policy, none of that nasty fiscal stuff, and then not even allowing the monetary authority any discretion.
At a fundamental level, however, this was an inconsistent position: if markets can go so wrong that they cause Great Depressions, how can you be a free-market true believer on everything except macro?
And as American conservatism moved ever further right, it had no room for any kind of interventionism, not even the sterilized, clean-room interventionism of Friedman’s monetarism.
So Friedman has vanished from the policy scene — so much so that I suspect that a few decades from now, historians of economic thought will regard him as little more than an extended footnote.
A few further thoughts inspired by the sad revelation that Beltway conventional wisdom has settled on the proposition that high unemployment is structural, not cyclical, even though there is now a bipartisan consensus among economists that the opposite is true.
First, about the meaning of terms: When economists talk about rising “structural” unemployment, what they actually mean is something quite specific — it’s not vague hand-waving, it’s the assertion that the “full-employment” rate of unemployment, the level of unemployment at which prices and wages start to rise and you risk a wage-price spiral, has increased.
When that happens, you can’t solve the unemployment problem just by getting someone to spend more and thereby increasing demand; when it hasn’t happened, you can.
What about all the other things we talk about, like the variation of unemployment across regions or occupations or skills?
Well, since the usual story about rising structural unemployment involves some kind of “mismatch” between workers and jobs, you’d expect the “signature” of this mismatch to be the emergence of shortages of workers somewhere or of some kind; so the fact that you don’t see this militates against structural stories.
But the ultimate question is always, how low can we push unemployment before inflation becomes a problem — and there is essentially no evidence that this number has gone up since 2007, let alone that it is somewhere near the current unemployment level.
And as I said, there is now a much stronger consensus that unemployment is cyclical, not structural, than there was a couple of years ago.
I mentioned Eddie Lazear’s paper at Jackson Hole; there was also Naryana Kocherlakota’s change of heart (for which he deserves major props — the number of economic analysts willing to change their views in the face of evidence is much too small).
So what we have here is an economic discussion working the way things are supposed to work — slower than I’d like, but still,in the end we did have the professionals concluding that one popular story about the nature of our troubles was wrong.
And the pundit class, it seems, paid no attention.
Talking about “structural” sounds serious, or maybe Serious, so that’s what they say, even though the evidence is all the other way.
And it’s not even “views differ on the shape of the planet” territory: PBS viewers weren’t even given a hint that the professional consensus exists.
It’s as if you had a program on climate and only climate-change deniers were represented.
And maybe we should put this in the context of another debate, the big one over austerity.
Here too there has been a rather decisive turn in professional opinion; there are a lot of dead-enders even within the economics profession, but the fact remains that both pillars of the pro-austerity position — claims of expansionary austerity, and claims that terrible things happen when debt crosses some rather low threshold — have collapsed, spectacularly.
Yet policy hasn’t changed at all; at best there have been tiny adjustments at the margin in Europe, and in the US we’re still slashing spending in the face of a weak economy.
It’s pretty depressing for those who would like to believe that analysis and evidence matter.
The recent evolution of both policy and conventional wisdom on macroeconomics seems to suggest otherwise.
OK, this is really depressing.
The PBS Newshour isn’t always a good place to get the best analysis, but it’s a terrific place to take the pulse of Washington conventional wisdom — and as Dean Baker notes, that conventional wisdom has clearly swung to the view that our high unemployment is “structural”, not something that could be solved simply by boosting demand.
And the question is, where the heck is that coming from?
As Dean also says, the professional consensus has very much moved the other way; you hear a lot less about structural factors from economists actually studying the data than you did a few years ago.
Nor is there even much of a partisan divide; solid Republicans like Eddie Lazear (pdf) say things like this: The recession of 2007-09 witnessed high rates of unemployment that have been slow to recede.
This has led many to conclude that structural changes have occurred in the labor market and that the economy will not return to the low rates of unemployment that prevailed in the recent past.
Is this true?
The question is important because central banks may be able to reduce unemployment that is cyclic in nature, but not that which is structural.
An analysis of labor market data suggests that there are no structural changes that can explain movements in unemployment rates over recent years.
Neither industrial nor demographic shifts nor a mismatch of skills with job vacancies is behind the increased rates of unemployment.
Although mismatch increased during the recession, it retreated at the same rate.
The patterns observed are consistent with unemployment being caused by cyclic phenomena that are more pronounced during the current recession than in prior recessions.
Indeed: one strong indicator that the problem isn’t structural is that as the economy has (partially) recovered, the recovery has tended to be fastest in precisely the same regions and occupations that were initially hit hardest.
Goldman Sachs (no link) looks at unemployment in the “sand states” that had the biggest housing bubbles versus the rest of the country; it looks like this: So the states that took the biggest hit have recovered faster than the rest of the country, which is what you’d expect if it was all cycle, not structural change.
I’ve done a quick and dirty take on unemployment by occupation, looking at changes in unemployment rates from the 2007 business cycle peak to the unemployment peak in 2009-10, and then the subsequent decline; it looks like this: It’s the same as the geographical story: the occupations that took the biggest hit have had the strongest recoveries.
In short, the data strongly point toward a cyclical, not a structural story — and there is broad agreement, for once, among economists on this point.
Yet somehow, it’s clear, Beltway groupthink has arrived at the opposite conclusion — so much so that the actual economic consensus on this issue wasn’t even represented on the Newshour.
As I said, this is really, really depressing.
I’ve spent five years and more watching the inflationphobes, who weren’t particularly sensible to begin with, descend into shrill unholy madness.
They could have reacted to the failure of their predictions — the continued absence of the runaway inflation they insisted was just around the corner — by stepping back and reconsidering both their model and their recommendations.
But no.
At best, we see a proliferation of new reasons to raise interest rates in a depressed economy, with nary an acknowledgment that previous predictions were dead wrong.
At worst, we see conspiracy theories — we actually have double-digit inflation, but the BLS is spiriting the evidence away in its black helicopters and burying it in Area 51.
So at this point I thought I’d seen everything.
But no: the prospect that Janet Yellen, a monetary dove, might become the next Fed chair has driven the right into a frenzy of — well, words fail me.
Jonathan Chait has the goods: the New York Sun ran an editorial titled The Female Dollar, warning about a “gender-backed currency”.
I kid you not.
And the Wall Street Journal thinks this was such a great analysis that it quotes the phrase, and argues at some length — or, actually, asserts, since if there’s a rational argument there I can’t find it — that the only possible reason people might want Yellen to succeed Bernanke is that she’s not just a monetary dove but a woman.
And they have a point.
After all, what possible non-gender case is there for Yellen?
That is, aside from the fact that she’s been a highly successful team player at the Fed, has a distinguished record as a research economist on the very issues she would have to deal with as chair, and, according to a recent assessment, has the best forecasting track record of 14 top Fed policymakers.
Whose assessment?
Um, the Wall Street Journal’s.
I’ve been saying for a long time that we aren’t having a rational argument over economic policy, that the inflationista position is driven by politics and psychology rather than anything the other side would recognize as analysis.
But this really proves it beyond a shadow of a doubt; if you really want to understand what’s going on here, the Austrian you need to read isn’t Friedrich Hayek or Ludwig von Mises, it’s Sigmund Freud.
Ezra Klein has a good piece urging journalists to stop talking about the “center” — unless they first explain what they mean, which in practice would mean acknowledging that what they call the “center” isn’t at the center of anything, except maybe the prejudices of a self-referential elite.
Now, this wasn’t always true.
There was a time when, as Ezra said, you could more or less define the center as the set of policy ideas that could gain bipartisan support and pass Congress — say, the early 80s Social Security fix or the 1986 tax reform.
But that era ended in 1994, when the Gingrich brigades took over Congress.
When you have a GOP so radical that Norm Ornstein feels compelled to clarify that its actions — its attempts to sabotage the law of the land — don’t quite rise to the standard of treason, the old notion that equated centrism with practical politics is utterly outdated.
So what do journalists mean when they talk about centrism?
Today the term “centrist” is used for things like Simpson-Bowles, which are both desperately unpopular and impossible to enact as legislation.
Meanwhile, extremely popular ideas, like breaking up big banks and raising taxes on high incomes, are treated as somehow radical.
This is not a helpful form of political analysis, and is all the worse because its unreasonable assumptions are kept implicit.
Consider the following thought experiment: you are driving on a road — let’s arbitrarily call it Interstate 91 — and must choose a lane.
Traffic is so heavy that you can’t really change lanes thereafter.
But there are many bad patches along the road; half of the distance can be covered at 60 miles an hour, but the other half only at 15.
You might imagine that your average speed is halfway between 15 and 60, but a little thought shows that this isn’t true: your average speed is only 24 miles an hour.
Also, the lanes aren’t perfectly correlated: sometimes your lane is going 60 while the next is going 15, sometimes it’s the reverse.
Again, you might think that this means you spend equal amounts of time watching the other lane whiz by and whizzing by yourself, but not so: you spend four times as much time watching the other guys race past.
And this creates intense frustration and anger, a sense that it’s grossly unfair that you are in the wrong lane.
This sense persists even though (a) you have worked out the analysis above, and realize that in principle the lanes are equally good or bad and (b) you have in fact been playing leapfrog with the same Boltbus the whole way, so that you know that in fact neither lane is better.
No matter; you are angry, frazzled, and late for your family event.
(Which you make up for by having a good time, and drinking enough wine that it’s past 9 when you realize that you didn’t post Friday Night Music).
But it’s a good thing I didn’t ride the train (which for complicated reasons wasn’t an option); after all, that would have diminished my individualism.
Oh, and meanwhile, since I’ve been talking about sprawl this week — and just spent a significant number of hours crawling through it — my favorite performance of this one, in which Arcade Fire are clearly wilting in the Bonnarroo heat but giving it their all anyway:
Noah Smith has a nice takedown of Martin Feldstein’s latest, which is the claim that the reason a vast expansion of the Fed’s balance sheet has produced no inflationary effect at all is the 0.25 percent — that’s right, 0.25 percent — rate of interest the Fed is paying on excess reserves.
Even if this were right, wouldn’t it suggest that the Fed’s expansion poses no inflationary risk?
I mean, if all that alleged pressure can be completely contained with a 1/4 percent interest rate, how big a problem can it be?
But it’s not right, as Noah shows logically; and of course the example of Japan, which did massive QE without paying interest on reserves, and saw nothing happen, reinforces the point.
The remarkable thing is the desperation with which inflationistas keep conjuring up new explanations for a result –the failure of large increases in the monetary base to have an inflationary impact — that was fully predicted, in advance, by simple economic models.
Instead of saying that a simple IS-LM framework, or a New Keynesian analysis along the same general lines, has worked very well — and that whatever other model they were using failed the test — they keep coming up with excuses.
It’s Obamacare!
It’s interest on reserves!
It’s the decline of traditional marriage!
OK, they haven’t used that last one yet, but give them time.
And let me admit that I’m especially exasperated — actually, about the fiscal as well as monetary arguments — because I went over all this ground fifteen years ago.
Look, please, at my Brookings Paper on the liquidity trap (pdf), especially pp.
155-159.
(Those are pages in the volume — the paper isn’t that long).
You’ll find me explaining that once you’re up against the zero lower bound: 1.
Changes in government spending are still effective, with a multiplier of 1, even with full Ricardian equivalence.
2.
Unless you break that equivalence, it doesn’t matter how government spending is financed; “helicopter money” makes no difference.
3.
Even very large increases in the monetary base will have no effect if seen as temporary.
4.
Large increases in the base are likely to show up partly in increased cash holdings, partly in a large rise in excess bank reserves; this rise in excess reserves tells you nothing about whether the problem lies in the banking system, since it will happen even if the banks are perfectly OK.
So you can see why it was so frustrating to see reputable economists get all of these things wrong in the early years of the crisis; and some of them seem determined to keep getting them wrong even now.
Look, we have a framework here that has been a stunning success in practice.
Why won’t you guys admit it?
Back home, although I got a bit worried when the gate agent in Edinburgh announced a delay.
At least I think that’s what she announced.
The truth is that I couldn’t understand most of what she said.
Ah, Scotland.
Anyway, blogging may be limited by various real-life responsibilities.
But I thought I’d post a quick calculation that might be of some interest.
As a number of people have been reminding us lately, talk of high inflation, nay hyperinflation, has been widespread ever since the Fed began trying to fight the Great Recession.
And the failure of the predicted high inflation to appear has done nothing to shake their conviction that they have the truth, and that those of us who have been right are nonetheless wrong.
So, one thing I wonder about is the extent to which this attitude is reinforced not just by the usual crank tendencies, right-wing leanings, and so on, but also by the fact that economists love — looooove — to talk about runaway inflation, precisely because it’s something that’s so easy to explain: you run the printing presses to cover your deficits, and off you go.
Yet this is getting awfully stale.Not only has the promised high inflation failed to appear here in America, but high inflation has largely vanished everywhere.
I did a quick calculation using the IMF’s World Economic Outlook Database, which runs back to 1980.
Year by year, how many countries had triple digit inflation in any given year?
It looks like this: Basically, there was a wave of hyperinflations caused by the chaos following the breakup of the Soviet Empire, much like the wave after World War I; since then, Zimbabwe and nobody else.
Even double-digit inflation has become quite rare: There’s a brief spike around 2008; if you look at it, it turns out to be mainly small commodity-exporting countries pushed into big devaluations by the crisis, leading to one-time jumps in consumer prices.
But then it was back to the downward trend.
There are, I think, a couple of morals here.
One is that economics textbooks probably talk too much about high inflation; it’s a nice pedagogical set-piece, but not something that’s a real issue in today’s world.
Another is that high inflation doesn’t happen just because a country’s rulers are spendthrifts or don’t know about the Emperor Diocletian or something; it is always associated with severe political and social disruption.
To stand Milton Friedman on his head, high inflation is never and nowhere a merely monetary phenomenon.
Here’s a question: is the crisis in Detroit simply a function of the industrial decline of the U.S. heartland, or is it about internal developments within the metro area that have produced a uniquely bad outcome?
I think a useful comparison can be made with Pittsburgh, another city that once had an iconic monoculture economy — based on steel, not autos — that also took a terrible hit, but seems to be in a much better position now.
This divergence is fairly recent, at least at the aggregate metro level.
The 80s were terrible for both cities; we have comparable employment data (again, this is for the metropolitan areas, not the city proper) since 1990: As late as 2005 or 2006 — that is, until the eve of the Great Recession — you could argue that there wasn’t a whole lot of difference in aggregate performance between greater Pittsburgh and greater Detroit.
Obviously, however, Detroit’s central city has collapsed while Pittsburgh has had at least something of a revival.
The difference is really clear in the Brookings job sprawl data (pdf), where less than a quarter of Detroit jobs are within 10 miles of the traditional central business district, versus more than half in Pittsburgh.
At this point, as the chart above makes clear, Pittsburgh is showing a lot of resilience; it seems to have managed to diversify its economy, and in fact is more than matching national employment performance.
Detroit, despite the auto rescue, isn’t — and, of course, its center did not hold.
It’s hard to avoid the sense that greater Pittsburgh, by taking better care of its core, also improved its ability to adapt to changing circumstances.
In that sense, Detroit’s disaster isn’t just about industrial decline; it’s about urban decline, which isn’t the same thing.
If you like, sprawl killed Detroit, by depriving it of the kind of environment that could incubate new sources of prosperity.
Suppose that those of us now worried that China’s Ponzi bicycle is hitting a brick wall (or, as some readers have suggested, a BRIC wall) are right.
How much should the rest of the world worry, and why?
I’d group this under three headings: 1.
“Mechanical” linkages via exports, which are surprisingly small.
2.
Commodity prices, which could be a bigger deal.
3.
Politics and international stability, which involves some serious risks.
So, on the first: this is what many people immediately think of.
China’s economy stumbles; China therefore buys less from the rest of the world; and the result is a global slump.
Or, maybe not so much.
Some quick, rough, but I think useful math: In 2011, the combined GDP of all the world’s economies not including China was slightly over $60 trillion.
Meanwhile, Chinese imports of goods and services were about $2 trillion, or around 3 percent of the rest of the world’s GDP.
Now suppose that China has a slowdown of 5 percent relative to trend.
Imports would fall more than this; typical estimates of the “income elasticity” of imports (the percentage change from a 1 percent change in GDP, other things equal) are around 2.
So we could be looking at a 10 percent fall in Chinese imports — an adverse shock to the rest of the world of one-tenth of 3 percent,or 0.3 percent of GDP.
Not nothing, but not catastophic.
And even this is arguably an exaggeration, because a significant part of China’s imports are components for its exports,and don’t depend on Chinese domestic demand.
As I said, then, the mechanical links through trade flows are relatively small, although they could bulk much larger for some of China’s neighbors (but would be smaller for the United States).
Commodity prices are a potentially bigger story.
China is a major consumer of raw materials — for example, about 11 percent of world oil consumption.
And because the supply and demand of commodities tend to be relatively unresponsive to prices in the short run, a sharp drop in Chinese demand could lead to sharp falls in commodity prices.
So the Ponzi bicycle shock could be a bigger deal for countries that sell raw materials, whether they sell to China or not, than it is to China exporters.
Finally, politics and international relations.
I am obviously no kind of expert here.
But it’s obvious, first, that China’s political regime is remarkable, even given the annals of history, for the hypocrisy of its position: officially it’s building the socialist future,in practice it’s presiding over a crony capitalist Gilded Age.
Where, then, does the regime’s legitimacy come from?
Mainly from economic success.
Let that success falter,and then what?
And if you really want to get nervous, think about what cynical governments trying to distract their populace from domestic failures have often done in the past.
Saber-rattling over some islands somewhere, anyone?
No particular bottom line here, except that you probably want to focus much more on the indirect effects than on the direct export multiplier.
Oh, and a curious aside.
Of course I’ve been reading Michael Pettis, who has been making many of the points I’ve raised for some time.
But I’ve had a bit of trouble accessing his work in the past couple of days; as of this morning, I get this: Consider all jokes about Chinese corruption, stimulus, etc.made.
Link fixed In this morning’s session, I found myself using various metaphors to explain pretty much the same points I made in today’s column.
One of them was that in a way, China’s low-consumption high-investment economy was a kind of Ponzi scheme.
Chinese businesses were investing furiously, not to build capacity to serve consumers, who weren’t buying much, but to serve buyers of investment goods — in effect, investing to take advantage of future investment, adding even more capacity.
Would there ever be final buyers for what all this capacity could produce?
Unclear.
So, a kind of Ponzi scheme.
Also, my worries are that China doesn’t know how to slow down — that it’s a bicycle economy that falls over if it stops moving forward.
And of course I’ve argued that running out of peasants creates a wall.
So, the Chinese Ponzi bicycle is running into a brick wall.
Also, the fascist octopus has sung its swan song.
Still not sure I’m living up to the world’s worst sentence, however.
Oh, my.
Brad Delong recalls to us Alan Greenspan’s lamentable 2010 op-ed on US debt and deficits.
What’s notable about the piece is not just that Greenspan was wrong about everything that would happen over the next three years; he’s actually part of a substantial club on that point.
Nor, I guess, is it notable that, to all appearances, he has learned nothing at all from his predictive failures — that the fact that he was wrong about everything, while the Keynesians got almost everything right, has made no dent in his faith that he has The Truth.
Again, that makes him part of a substantial club.
Nor, even, does his piece gain all that much distinction by being paired with a later piece that contained an instant internet classic: Today’s competitive markets, whether we seek to recognise it or not, are driven by an international version of Adam Smith’s “invisible hand” that is unredeemably opaque.
With notably rare exceptions (2008, for example), the global “invisible hand” has created relatively stable exchange rates, interest rates, prices, and wage rates.
See the comments section of the linked piece for variations on the “notably rare exceptions” trope; e.g., “With notably rare exceptions, Newt Gingrich is a loyal and faithful husband.” No, what really distinguishes Greenspan here are two things.
First, his reaction to the fact that even in 2010 it was obvious that markets weren’t performing according to his predictions: This is regrettable, because it is fostering a sense of complacency that can have dire consequences… My analysis can’t be wrong, the markets are just misbehaving!
And, above all, the fact that for many years this guy was regarded as the Maestro, a man of almost supernatural wisdom and judgment.
One of the frustrating things about macroeconomic discussion since the Great Recession struck is the prevalence of zombie fallacies — misconceptions that one imagines have been killed by logic or evidence, but just keep coming back to eat our brains.
Often, maybe usually, politics is what’s keeping these zombies alive; or, if not exactly politics, the attempt of economists to defend their intellectual investments in failed theories.
Sometimes, however, the zombies manage to eat a brain or two simply because someone wasn’t paying attention.
And I think this is what has just happened to the usually excellent Noah Smith.
Smith finds Japan’s persistent shortfall puzzling, because — he claims — this isn’t supposed to happen in New Keynesian models: In a New Keynesian model, when there is a demand shortfall, unemployment is the result.
The central bank can print money in order to combat the shortfall, which raises inflation and lowers unemployment.
But if the central bank does nothing, prices will eventually adjust, and unemployment will go away.
This New Keynesian model corresponds nicely to the simple AD-AS model that people learn in Econ 102.
In the words of Charlie Brown, aaugh!
People, we’ve been through this.
Yes, in a standard AS-AD or NK model, high unemployment leads to falling wages and prices, and this eventually restores full employment.
But how does this happen?
Not because making labor cheaper increases the quantity of labor demanded — Keynes understood that point perfectly long before he even wrote the General Theory: Or again, if a particular producer or a particular country cuts wages, then, so long as others do not follow suit, that producer or that country is able to get more of what trade is going.
But if wages are cut all round, the purchasing power of the community as a whole is reduced by the same amount as the reduction of costs; and, again, no one is further forward.
No, the only reason deflation “works” in the standard model is that it increases the real money supply, which leads to lower interest rates; in effect, it acts like an expansionary monetary policy.
But Japan has been in a liquidity trap during the whole period Smith looks at.
Monetary expansion is ineffective unless it can raise expectations of future inflation.
Deflation is definitely not going to help.
In fact, by raising the real burden of debt, it makes things worse A corollary is that while sticky wages are a real phenomenon — the evidence just keeps getting stronger — their importance has to be appreciated correctly.
You need them to understand what we’re seeing, which is the failure of deflation to appear in the US now (and the slow pace of deflation in Japan).
They are not, repeat NOT the reason either Japan or we have failed to recover.
How is it that this stuff — which is more or less where we came in – hasn’t gotten through?
Or, you know, maybe people desperately need help: SNAP participation is the percentage of the population receiving food stamps.
U6 is the unemployment measure that includes the underemployed and those who aren’t currently searching because no jobs are available.
SNAP participation normally follows U6 with a lag, and is in that sense behaving normally.
The debate over monetary policy has grown increasingly surreal as time goes by.
Initially, it was about a fairly straightforward and — crucially — falsifiable position: the claim by monetary hawks like Allan Meltzer and Martin Feldstein that quantitative easing would lead to a major acceleration of inflation.
If that inflation had happened, I like to imagine that doves like me would have conceded that we got it wrong, and reconsidered our position.
But the inflationary explosion didn’t happen.
So, did the hawks reconsider?
No, they just came up with new reasons for the same policy position.
It’s not about inflation, it’s about financial stability.
Yeah, that’s the ticket!
OK, I think this represents bad logic — do we really feel that the real economy must suffer to control the irrational exuberance of Wall Street traders?
I also believe that it represents bad behavior; aside from, of all people, Larry Kudlow, have any of the inflationistas admitted that they were wrong in round one?
But it turns out that even this wasn’t the end of the story.
I don’t know whether the hawks are feeling that the financial stability story is wearing thin, or that it’s too hard to sell to some of their audiences, or what.
But at this point John Taylor, at least — and I believe he’s not alone — has gone full Chewbacca defense.
For those not familiar with the term, it comes — like so many terms useful for contemporary economic discussion — from South Park, where the Johnny Cochrane character defends O.J.
Simpson with a string of bizarre non sequiturs centering on everyone’s favorite Wookie.
I mean, if anyone can find a coherent argument in Taylor’s latest, please tell me.
My quick summary: Current monetary policy is just like in the 1970s, except for the lack of inflation thing.
It’s completely ineffective, which means that we must stop it immediately, or else this ineffectual policy will somehow have vastly negative effects on something or other (not clear what).
But the trouble is that people think stopping it would be too costly, whereas in fact it would have no cost, as illustrated by the really bad things that just happened when the Fed indicated that it might indeed stop the policy.
Also, the sluggishness of the recovery somehow proves that money has been too loose.
I have to admit that at this point the arguments against quantitative easing have become unanswerable — because they’ve become incomprehensible, and there’s nothing to answer.
Update: a hint for all those readers demanding data for other countries: those things with blue lines underneath are hyperlinks, and in this case lead you right to the full dataset.
Roger Cohen has a nice piece making, impressionistically, a point I’ve been meaning to make quantitatively: things are not as bad in France as a lot of Anglo-Saxon reporting would have you believe.
Yes, the French seem morose; but the French always seem morose.
Just because they aren’t have-a-nice-day types doesn’t tell you much about the state of either their society or their economy.
And although you’d never know it from anything you read here, in some ways the French economy is still doing better than ours.
Dean Baker touched on one aspect the other day: youth unemployment.
Yes, the unemployment rate among young French people is much higher than the rate here.
But as Dean points out, the fraction of young people who are unemployed is about the same here and there.
How is that possible?
Because many fewer French college students have to seek work, thanks to vastly more generous scholarships.
But there’s an even more striking comparison — one I learned from Dean.
Let’s not look at unemployment rates, which can be distorted in the way we’ve just seen.
Instead, look at employment rates — the fraction of the population that has a job.
And break it down by age (pdf): Young French are much less likely to be working, as we’ve already mentioned.
So are older French, because of policies that made early retirement financially attractive.
But in prime working years, surprise!
The French employment picture, at least as of late last year, was significantly better than ours.
And bear in mind that this is in a system where there is much less misery if, as it so happens, you don’t have a job.
Put it this way: right now, there is a lot less actual misery in France than there is here.
Don’t let those morose faces fool you.
For a brief period after the 2012 election, it looked as if there might be some serious introspection among Republicans, some reconsideration of where their scorched-earth opposition to everything Obama had gotten them.
But it didn’t last long.
Even the notion that the GOP might need to accommodate itself a bit to an increasingly nonwhite nation has been fading fast; the big thing now is that the trouble in 2012 was missing white voters, and that the GOP just needs to redouble its efforts to identify itself as the party of white people.
But if there really is a missing-white-voter issue — and I’d like to see some more analysis by serious political scientists before I completely buy in — what will it take to bring these people back out to play?
Sean Trende, who has been making the missing-whites case, describes the missing as “downscale, rural, Northern whites”.
What can the GOP offer them?
Well, the trendy answer now is “libertarian populism” — but the question is what that means.
And for a lot of Republicans, as Mike Konczal notes, it seems to mean lower tax rates on the wealthy, tight money, and deregulation.
And this is supposed to appeal to downscale whites because, um, because.
True believers will say that this kind of agenda is actually great for low-income workers because it would lead to wonderful economic growth.
This happens to be a view contradicted by all the evidence, but more to the point, what on earth would make anyone think that it’s a workable political strategy?
Yelling even more loudly about the wonders of sound money and supply-side economics isn’t going to persuade anyone who hasn’t been persuaded already.
But wait, it gets worse.
As a practical matter, the current GOP agenda isn’t so much about hard money or even lower top marginal rates as it is about slashing safety-net programs.
There has been a highly successful attack on unemployment benefits, and the party has worked itself into a lather about food stamps too.
So, news flash: these programs don’t just benefit Those People; they’re also very important to downscale whites, the very people that will supposedly rescue the GOP.
This is especially true of unemployment insurance (pdf): Data are scrappier on food stamps (pdf), with a lot of states failing to report the race of many recipients; but if we look at, for example, Pennsylvania, which does have almost complete reporting, we find that 59 percent of food stamp recipients are non-Hispanic whites.
In short, the idea behind libertarian populism seems to be to bring back disaffected whites by preaching, even more forcefully, the virtues of the pro-wealthy policies the GOP has been following all along, and meanwhile destroying the safety net programs many of those disaffected whites depend on.
Sounds like a winner.
My late father burst out laughing when I told him that the Lotte Lenya character in the Austin Powers movies is named Frau Farbissina; I’m sufficiently cut off from my cultural heritage that I had to ask him why.
It turns out that it comes from farbissen, which — as is typical in Yiddish — has connotations that go beyond its usual translation as “bitter”.
A farbissineh (think clenched teeth) is someone who not only isn’t enjoying herself, but is determined to make sure that nobody else has any enjoyment either.
All this came to mind as I contemplated the increasingly loud campaign demanding that the Fed stop its bond purchases and indeed start raising interest rates.
It’s a chorus coming from Martin Feldstein, the Bank for International Settlements, Raghuram Rajan, John Taylor, and more.
I believe that this chorus has already had significant malign effects; it effectively bullied the Fed into talking about “tapering” despite a total absence of economic justification, and this — by leading markets to believe that the Fed was turning more hawkish in general — has led to higher long-term interest rates.
The question is, what lies behind this campaign?
It’s remarkably hard to explain in terms of any coherent logic; as David Glasner says, the members of this group seem to believe, somehow, that the Fed is powerless to boost the real economy yet retains vast power over real interest rates.
More than that, the general principle behind the economic analysis seems to be that economic agents are selectively stupid — that is, that different classes of investors are stupid in different ways, that just happen to justify tighter monetary policy in the face of mass unemployment.
On one side, we have Feldstein and others assuring us that higher interest rates won’t deter real investment, because they’ll still be low; it’s news to me that demand curves turn vertical at low prices, but whatever.
On the other side, they insist that low rates will induce financial investors to make irrational choices and blow bubbles.
Now, bubbles happen; but is there any real evidence that low interest rates are the key?
The worst of both the dotcom and the housing bubble took place when rates were much higher than they are now.
The key observation here, I think, is that by and large the people now demanding higher interest rates have been against easy money all along — it’s just their alleged justifications that keep changing.
Back when they were warning against inflation, presumably because loose money would overheat the economy; now they’re declaring that loose money does nothing to the real economy, but is causing bubbles.
In other words, it feels like an attitude looking for justifications, not an analysis.
And the attitude is farbissen — a gut dislike of the idea that money is cheap.
When the Fed began its talk of “tapering” asset purchases, I warned that it might turn out to be a “historic mistake”.
I guess the historic bit is still up in the air; but the mistake aspect is now glaringly obvious.
Bond prices have plunged, and the Fed’s attempts to inform markets that they’ve got it all wrong have only modestly mitigated the impact.
What went wrong?
The Fed grossly misunderstood the nature of the relationship between its statements and market expectations.
It believed that the market was listening closely to the details of what it said.
In fact, the market doesn’t — and probably shouldn’t.
Instead, it listens to the tone of Fed statements, and also Fed actions; it’s more a matter of character judgment than mathematics.
And what the Fed conveyed with the tapering talk was a sense that its heart really isn’t in this stimulus thing.
OK, a bit more detail.
Right now, the Fed is doing two things in an attempt to boost the economy: it’s promising to keep short-term rates, which it controls, low; and it’s trying to reduce long-term rates directly, through bond purchases.
What the Fed said was that it was thinking of slowing down those bond purchases — but not to worry, it still plans to keep short-term rates low.
But as Gavyn Davies shows, the market responded by sharply marking up its expectations for future short-term rates.
In April, the market thought there was almost no chance the Fed would raise rates next year; now such a rise is considered more likely than not.
Fed officials are frustrated.
Weren’t investors listening?
But the Fed was foolish here — and the investors aren’t.
The key point you always have to remember (but which the Fed somehow forgot) is that there is no way to lock in future monetary policy.
Whatever the Federal Open Market Committee may say now about its plans for 2014 or 2015, it can always do something different when the future turns into the present.
So what’s the point of Fed communication?
Mainly it’s not about the specific numbers; it’s about conveying what kind of central bankers we’re dealing with, and hence what they’re likely to do in the future.
Talk of extended easy money can help the economy now precisely because it makes the Fed sound like it’s not a conventionally-minded central bank, eager to snatch away the punch bowl; even asset purchases work mainly because they reinforce that impression of unconventionality.
But when the Fed starts talking about tapering at a time when unemployment is still very high and inflation below target, it undoes all of that good work; suddenly the FOMC starts sounding once again like a group whose fingers are already twitching as they fight the urge to grab that punch bowl.
Undoing this damage is going to be very hard.
One thing that will matter a lot, however, is the choice of Bernanke’s successor.
If she’s a well-known dove, that could help a lot.
If he’s, say, someone known for saying things like “stimulus is sugar“, look out below.
A number of people have already piled on to Greg Mankiw over his defense of the one percent (pdf).
Yet I do have something to add.
Before I get there, a quick summary of the argument to date.
Mankiw argues that the 1 percent make so much because of their high contribution to output — basically, that they have high marginal productivity.
So they earn what they get; and Mankiw further argues that economic opportunity is in fact relatively if not perfectly equal.
All’s fair!
The critique falls along three lines.
First, as Dean Baker notes, even if you believe that the glittering prizes at the top of the economic scale were fairly won, the size of those prizes is very much defined by policy choices.
We live in a society that allocates rights to intellectual property in a way that yields huge rewards to a select few, that taxes top incomes at a historically low rate, and so on.
Even if the game is fair, nothing says that the game has to look the way it does.
Second, as Harold Pollack says, Mankiw is way too blithe in dismissing inequality of opportunity.
As Pollack says, what we actually see is a very strong tendency for children of the top quintile to stay there; and a look at how that happens suggests that there’s a lot more to that persistence than the inheritance of good genes, which seems to be Mankiw’s main explanation.
Third, as The Economist (!)
points out, Mankiw’s attempt at a reductio ad absurdum of Ralwsian logic — hey, if we want to equalize results, why not enforce mandatory organ donation!
— is just silly.
Rawlsian ideas are always a matter of equalization under constraints, where these constraints involve notions of fundamental rights — that’s why Rawls didn’t say “let’s impose perfect equality, and deal with the incentive issue by using forced labor”.
As The Economist says, we don’t consider vandalism against property and assault against people equivalent; the same difference makes nonsense of the income taxes = organ donation thing.
So, what can I add?
Well, Pollack quotes Mankiw’s casual defense of equality of opportunity: My view here is shaped by personal experience.
I was raised in a middle-class family; neither of my parents were college graduates.
My own children are being raised by parents with both more money and more education.
Yet I do not see my children as having significantly better opportunities than I had at their age.
What’s wrong with this passage?
It’s not just that as a winner, someone who did extremely well, Mankiw has a sunnier perspective than he might if he had done worse.
It’s also the temporal slip: Mankiw doesn’t think his children have “significantly better opportunities than I had at their age.” [My emphasis] Ahem.
Greg Mankiw was born in 1958; he reached college age in the mid-1970s, that is, before the great surge in inequality.
I’m 5 years older, and also grew up in that America — and it was a different country, one in which ordinary public high schools were often pretty good, in which good higher education was available cheaply at state universities, in which almost none of the vast apparatus of tutors and private instruction now used by the elite existed.
It was, in short, a country at a very different place on Alan Krueger’s Great Gatsby curve.
So even if it were true that Mankiw’s children now don’t have significantly better opportunities than he had then — which I doubt — this has little relevance to the disparity in opportunities between the elite and the middle class in today’s America.
And yes, you do wonder how someone can teach at Harvard and not see just how many of the students come from privileged backgrounds.
This doesn’t make them bad people; it does suggest that we’re much more of a hereditary oligarchy than conservatives have room for in their philosophy.
I will be traveling today, so limited blogging (and yes, I’m still in Yurp, so “today” is Thursday).
But I did want to weigh in briefly on the Fed’s latest, in which Bernanke confirmed that the Fed is getting significantly more hawkish — based on relatively optimistic forecasts.
My reaction is, this is not good.
They might get away with it, but there’s also a serious chance that this will end up looking like a historic mistake.
Bear in mind, first, that the US economy is still deep in the hole, which is especially obvious if you look at employment rather than unemployment: Aging of the population accounts for some but not much of the fall in the employment ratio; the fact is that we are still a very long way from acceptable employment levels.
Meanwhile, inflation remains below the Fed’s target.
Maybe the Fed believes that the situation will improve — but as everyone points out, the Fed has been consistently over-optimistic since the crisis began.
And for now the economy still needs all the help it can get.
How can the Fed help?
With short-term rates up against the zero lower bound, mainly through expectations — by conveying the message that it will wait to tighten, that it will let the economy recover and allow inflation to rise before hiking rates.
To use my old phrase, it must credibly promise to be irresponsible.
And what it has just done, instead, is signal that it’s still a conventionally minded central bank.
So what if recovery stalls, and inflation expectations fall even further?
Can the Fed turn on a dime, and send a credible message that it really isn’t so conventional-minded, after all?
It’s hard to believe; having already shown itself inclined to start snatching away the punch bowl before the party even starts, it has arguably already given away the game.
I know that the latest had overwhelming support on the FOMC; I’m surprised and a bit shocked by that, and worry that we may have seen incestuous amplification at work.
I really hope that the real economy recovers at a pace that makes my fears groundless.
But if it doesn’t, I fear that the Fed has just done more damage than it seems to realize.
My dialogue with Monti, to the extent that it was a “debate”, focused on the whole issue of structural reform; not on whether it’s a good thing (of course it depends on what’s being reformed, but surely every economy has structural problems that need work), but on whether it deserves the kind of star billing it gets in discussions of crisis response.
More on that in another post, I think.
What I want to talk about right now is a different issue that cropped up (not with Monti, but elsewhere); the assertion that globalization has changed the rules for macroeconomics.
Now, there were some assertions to the effect that this crisis was totally different from 1929, because that wasn’t a global crisis — which those of us who know a bit about the history found jaw-dropping.
Of course 1929 was global.
And in general people tend to be strangely unaware of the extent to which a global system of trade and finance existed before World War I. Keynes memorably wrote about this system in The Economic Consequences of the Peace: What an extraordinary episode in the economic progress of man that age was which came to an end in August, 1914!
… The inhabitant of London could order by telephone, sipping his morning tea in bed, the various products of the whole earth, in such quantity as he might see fit, and reasonably expect their early delivery upon his doorstep; he could at the same moment and by the same means adventure his wealth in the natural resources and new enterprises of any quarter of the world, and share, without exertion or even trouble, in their prospective fruits and advantages; or be could decide to couple the security of his fortunes with the good faith of the townspeople of any substantial municipality in any continent that fancy or information might recommend.
Yet it would be wrong to suggest that all we have done is return to a pre-World War I level of globalization.
That was arguably true into the early 1970s, but since then trade in manufactured goods –driven largely by falling transport costs and the advent of containerization — has indeed reached previously unseen levels (pdf): The question is, does this change macroeconomics in a fundamental way?
In particular, does it mean that nations no longer have much control over their own destiny, even if they retain their own currencies?
I say no.
There are several reasons for this, but one important point is the nature of that rapid growth in manufactures trade.
For it mainly involves vertical specialization, breaking up the value chain, so that in the course of producing $1 of final consumer goods one may have several dollars’ worth of trade.
The gains from this trade are as real as those from any kind of trade; but the macro implications are different.
Put it this way: while we trade a lot more than we used to, we probably if anything spend a higher share of our income on nontraded goods and (mostly) services than we did a few decades ago, and maybe even more than in 1913.
As a result, statements you commonly hear, like “Stimulus doesn’t work, because all the money ends up being spent on stuff made in China”, are just not true.
Actually, even a dollar spent on Chinese-made consumer goods has a large U.S. value-added component.
Yes, some demand leaks abroad — but not nearly as much as people imagine.
In general, I’d argue that the rules for macro policy have changed relatively little since the 1930s, and globalization certainly hasn’t produced a qualitative change.
A while back Mark Thoma joked that “new economic thinking means reading old books”.
And it should: those old books remain deeply relevant.
Japan has announced a long-term turn to easier money and a higher inflation target.
Stocks are up (if bouncing around a lot), the yen is down, but long-term interest rates are somewhat higher (although still very low).
Is this a puzzle or a problem?
Richard Koo, Nick Rowe, and Noah Smith have all weighed in.
So I guess I should put in my bit.
Basically, I think Rowe is mostly right; Koo isn’t making sense; and Smith is worried for no good reason.
Let me start, as I often do, with my original 1998 itsy-bitsy liquidity trap model.
This was an infinite-horizon model, but one in which all the action took place in either the first or the second period, since it was assumed that nothing would change after period 2.
I imagined a situation in which a temporary negative shock to demand pushed the economy in period 1 up against the zero lower bound, and showed that in that case increasing the monetary base in period 1 had no effect.
To get traction, the central bank would have to convince the public that it would increase the base in period 2 — e.g., that it would not withdraw any quantitative easing it was doing now — so as to generate expected inflation.
In that model, I only talked about the one-period-ahead interest rate.
But we certainly could imagine two-period, three-period etc.
bonds.
How would an Abenomics-style monetary policy affect these longer-term rates?
Well, the answer would depend on what monetary policy is expected to do after period 2.
If we’re looking at a one-time step up in the monetary base, which was my thought experiment in 1998, the short-term rate would remain at zero, and future interest rates would also remain unchanged, so no effect.
But it’s easy to imagine that the change in monetary policy involves not just a one-time jump in the monetary base but faster growth forever after, or at least for a long time.
In that case, future short-term rates will be higher in nominal (though not real) terms, and so long-term rates will rise even in period 1.
The long rate will, however, rise by less than expected inflation, because the one-period-ahead nominal rate will stay at zero, so even as nominal rates rise, real rates will fall.
I think this is pretty much where Rowe is.
Smith, however, loses the thread a bit, if I’m reading him correctly; he worries that the rising rates will cause a problem because of Japan’s huge public debt.
But remember, while nominal rates may be going up, real rates are going down; so Japan’s debt becomes more, not less, sustainable.
Also, bear in mind that there’s a lot of preexisting long-term nominal debt, whose real value will be eroded by inflation.
So Abenomics is all good from a fiscal point of view, even if it makes headline interest payments rise.
Finally, Koo seems to regard higher inflation expectations as a disaster, when in reality they are the whole point of the exercise.
What?
I guess I’ve always found Koo fairly incomprehensible on monetary policy.
He emphasizes the importance of balance-sheet constraints, and deserves a lot of credit for being ahead of the pack here.
He’s also right in emphasizing the useful role budget deficits can play in a balance-sheet recession.
However, he has this violent opposition to monetary expansion that, as far as I can tell, isn’t actually justified — actually, isn’t at all justified — by his underlying analysis.
On the contrary, when some of us (pdf) try to model Koo-type problems, we find that monetary policy that raises expected inflation could be quite helpful.
Maybe part of the problem is that Koo envisages an economy in which everyone is balance-sheet constrained, as opposed to one in which lots of people are balance-sheet constrained.
I’d say that his vision makes no sense: where there are debtors, there must also be creditors, so there have to be at least some people who can respond to lower real interest rates even in a balance-sheet recession.
Also, if the problem is a debt overhang, isn’t debt-eroding inflation a good thing?
As I said, I just don’t understand Koo’s position here.
If he wants to argue that monetary policy is unlikely to be effective, fine; but he wants to claim that it’s positively harmful, and I just don’t get the logic.
Anyway, back to Japanese interest rates: they really don’t pose a puzzle, nor, at least so far, do they pose a threat.
I’ve been getting some questions about the recent rise in long-term interest rates.
Those rates are still at levels that would have seemed absurdly low not long ago — but they are up significantly from a few months ago.
What should we make of this move?
Well, rather than offering a commentary on the market, I thought I might be most helpful by talking about how to figure things like this out on a more general basis.
And the way you do this is by trying to tell several alternative stories that might explain what’s happening in one market, and then ask what those stories imply for other markets.
So when long-term interest rates rise, there are three main stories you hear.
One is that the bond vigilantes have arrived, and are selling US debt because they now believe in the horror stories.
Another is that the Fed has changed, that it may be ready to snatch away the punch bowl sooner than previously believed.
And the third is that the economy is looking stronger than expected, which means that the Fed, although just as soft-hearted as before, will nonetheless start raising rates sooner than previously believed.
All three of these stories would imply falling bond prices, that is, rising interest rates.
But they have different implications for other markets, in particular for stocks and the dollar.
Debt fears — basically, a run on America — should send stocks and the dollar down along with bonds.
A perceived tougher Fed should send stocks down but the dollar up.
And a better recovery should send both stocks up (because of higher expected profits) and drive the dollar higher.
OK, there are possible complications; you can manage, just, to tell stories that don’t quite work as I’ve described.
But these are surely what you should have in mind in your first pass at the issue.
Here it is in a table: And while day by day there are variations, basically what you see over the last month or so is line 3: falling bond prices accompanied by rising stocks and a rising dollar.
So this looks like a story about macroeconomic optimism.
The FT has a long, deeply depressing portrait of conditions in Portugal, focusing on the plight of family-owned businesses — once the core of the nation’s economy and society, now going under in droves.
This is what it’s really about.
And anyone playing any role in our current economic debate, whether as an actual policy maker or as an analyst giving advice from the sidelines, should be focused, above all, on how and why we’re allowing this nightmare to happen all over again three generations after the Great Depression.
Don’t tell me that Portugal has had bad policies in the past and has deep structural problems.
Of course it has; so does everyone, and while arguably Portugal’s are worse than those of some other countries, how can it possibly make sense to “deal” with these problems by condemning vast numbers of willing workers to unemployment?
The answer to the kind of problems Portugal now faces, as we’ve known for many decades, is expansionary monetary and fiscal policy.
But Portugal can’t do those things on its own, because it no longer has its own currency.
OK, then: either the euro must go or something must be done to make it work, because what we’re seeing (and the Portuguese are experiencing) is unacceptable.
What could help?
A much stronger expansion in the euro area as a whole; higher inflation in the European core.
Looser monetary policy could help achieve these things, but bear in mind that the ECB, like the Fed, is basically up against the zero lower bound.
It can and should try to push unconventional policies, but it needs as much help as possible from fiscal policy too — not a situation in which austerity in the periphery is reinforced by austerity in the core, too.
What has happened instead, however, is three years in which European policy has been focused almost entirely on the supposed dangers of public debt.
I don’t think it’s a waste of time to discuss how that misplaced focus happened, including the unfortunate role played by some economists who have done fine work in the past and will presumably do fine work in the future.
But the important thing now is to change the policies that are creating this nightmare.
Jonathan Chait tells me that the new anti-Keynesian paladin is James Buchanan, who supposedly showed that stimulus, however worthy, can never be reversed.
The elevation of Buchanan comes from Charles Lane at the Washington Post, who name-checks me as one of those naive Keynesians who doesn’t get it (and misuses the “in the long run we are all dead” line to boot).
But wait: haven’t I dealt with this claim before?
Why, yes — in a column published in the Times just two weeks ago, which was largely devoted to this very issue: But there is, I believe, a further obstacle to change: widespread, deep-seated cynicism about the ability of democratic governments, once engaged in stimulus, to change course in the future.
So now seems like a good time to point out that this cynicism, which sounds realistic and worldly-wise, is actually sheer fantasy.
Ending stimulus has never been a problem — in fact, the historical record shows that it almost always ends too soon.
And in America, at least, we have a pretty good record for behaving in a fiscally responsible fashion, with one exception — namely, the fiscal irresponsibility that prevails when, and only when, hard-line conservatives are in power.
… Incidentally, foreign experience follows the same pattern.
You often hear Japan described as a country that has pursued never-ending fiscal stimulus.
In reality, it has engaged in stop-go policies, increasing spending when the economy is weak, then pulling back at the first sign of recovery (and thereby pushing itself back into recession).
So the whole notion of perma-stimulus is fantasy posing as hardheaded realism.
This argument is then backed by various pieces of evidence.
So I answered this latest anti-Keynesian claim before it was even made.
Oh, and I was under the impression that if you’re going to characterize a named writer’s views, and in particular to make claims about what that writer doesn’t get, you might want to read a few things said writer has written — say, his last two columns.
But I guess I don’t fully understand the rules here.
Matt O’Brien is probably right to suggest that Michael Kinsley’s problems — and those of quite a few other people, some of whom have real influence on policy — is that they’re still living in the 1970s.
I do, however, resent that thing about 60-year-old men … But it’s actually even worse than Matt says.
For the 1970s such people remember as a cautionary tale bears little resemblance to the 1970s that actually happened.
In elite mythology, the origins of the crisis of the 70s, like the supposed origins of our current crisis, lay in excess: too much debt, too much coddling of those slovenly proles via a strong welfare state.
The suffering of 1979-82 was necessary payback.
None of that is remotely true.
There was no deficit problem: government debt was low and stable or falling as a share of GDP during the 70s.
Rising welfare rolls may have been a big political problem, but a runaway welfare state more broadly just wasn’t an issue — hey, these days right-wingers complaining about a nation of takers tend to use the low-dependency 70s as a baseline.
What we did have was a wage-price spiral: workers demanding large wage increases (those were the days when workers actually could make demands) because they expected lots of inflation, firms raising prices because of rising costs, all exacerbated by big oil shocks.
It was mainly a case of self-fulfilling expectations, and the problem was to break the cycle.
So why did we need a terrible recession?
Not to pay for our past sins, but simply as a way to cool the action.
Someone — I’m pretty sure it was Martin Baily — described the inflation problem as being like what happens when everyone at a football game stands up to see the action better, and the result is that everyone is uncomfortable but nobody actually gets a better view.
And the recession was, in effect, stopping the game until everyone was seated again.
The difference, of course, was that this timeout destroyed millions of jobs and wasted trillions of dollars.
Was there a better way?
Ideally, we should have been able to get all the relevant parties in a room and say, look, this inflation has to stop; you workers, reduce your wage demands, you businesses, cancel your price increases, and for our part, we agree to stop printing money so the whole thing is over.
That way, you’d get price stability without the recession.
And in some small, cohesive countries that is more or less what happened.
(Check out the Israeli stabilization of 1985).
But America wasn’t like that, and the decision was made to do it the hard, brutal way.
This was not a policy triumph!
It was, in a way, a confession of despair.
It worked on the inflation front, although some of the other myths about all that are just as false as the myths about the 1970s.
No, America didn’t return to vigorous productivity growth — that didn’t happen until the mid-1990s.
60-year-old men should remember that a decade after the Volcker disinflation we were still very much in a national funk; remember the old joke that the Cold War was over, and Japan won?
So it would be bad enough if we were basing policy today on lessons from the 70s.
It’s even worse that we’re basing policy today on a mythical 70s that never was.
Noah Smith recently offered an interesting take on the real reasons austerity garners so much support from elites, no matter hw badly it fails in practice.
Elites, he argues, see economic distress as an opportunity to push through “reforms” — which basically means changes they want, which may or may not actually serve the interest of promoting economic growth — and oppose any policies that might mitigate crisis without the need for these changes: I conjecture that “austerians” are concerned that anti-recessionary macro policy will allow a country to “muddle through” a crisis without improving its institutions.
In other words, they fear that a successful stimulus would be wasting a good crisis.
… If people really do think that the danger of stimulus is not that it might fail, but that it might succeed, they need to say so.
Only then, I believe, can we have an optimal public discussion about costs and benefits.
As he notes, the day after he wrote that post, Steven Pearlstein of the Washington Post made exactly that argument for austerity.
What Smith didn’t note, somewhat surprisingly, is that his argument is very close to Naomi Klein’s Shock Doctrine, with its argument that elites systematically exploit disasters to push through neoliberal policies even if these policies are essentially irrelevant to the sources of disaster.
I have to admit that I was predisposed to dislike Klein’s book when it came out, probably out of professional turf-defending and whatever — but her thesis really helps explain a lot about what’s going on in Europe in particular.
And the lineage goes back even further.
Two and a half years ago Mike Konczal reminded us of a classic 1943 (!)
essay by Michal Kalecki, who suggested that business interests hate Keynesian economics because they fear that it might work — and in so doing mean that politicians would no longer have to abase themselves before businessmen in the name of preserving confidence.
This is pretty close to the argument that we must have austerity, because stimulus might remove the incentive for structural reform that, you guessed it, gives businesses the confidence they need before deigning to produce recovery.
And sure enough, in my inbox this morning I see a piece more or less deploring the early signs of success for Abenomics: Abenomics is working — but it had better not work too well.
Because if it works, how will we get structural reform?
So one way to see the drive for austerity is as an application of a sort of reverse Hippocratic oath: “First, do nothing to mitigate harm”.
For the people must suffer if neoliberal reforms are to prosper.
Wheee!
The Heritage Foundation is engaged in frantic damage control; not only did its big anti-immigration-reform report turn out to be a steaming heap of, um, bad research, but one of the co-authors turns out to have a serious white supremacist background.
It would be a terrible thing to happen to a serious think tank.
But Heritage isn’t a serious think tank, which means that all of this is just a bit of overdue poetic justice.
Remember, Heritage came up with the ludicrous claim that the Ryan plan would cut unemployment to 2.8 percent, then tried to scrub the result from its records.
It produced ludicrous “studies” purporting to show that small farmers and businessmen were victims of the estate tax.
And there are many, many more examples.
The truth is that Heritage has never been in the business of doing economic analysis; it’s just a propaganda agency posing as a think tank.
And this time it finally caught up with them.
Joe Wiesenthal reports on Bernanke rage among hedge funders, and sure enough, here’s Paul Singer declaring not just that he dislikes Bernanke’s policies but that BB is destroying the very fabric of society.
I still don’t have this rage entirely figured out.
In substantive terms, it’s really hard to justify.
After all, the Fed is normally expected to cut rates when unemployment is high and inflation low; with unemployment high and inflation running below the Fed’s target, easy money is just what the textbook says you should be doing (and quantitative easing is just an attempt to get some traction with normal policy rates up against the zero lower bound).
It’s the economic situation — an economy so depressed by private sector deleveraging that conventional monetary policy has reached its limit — that’s radical here, not the Fed’s response.
What about the self-interest of the hedgies?
A guess may be that given they way they’re normally rewarded, with fees based on total profits (not profits relative to a market-average baseline — e.g., 2 and 20), they find themselves hurting financially from a low-yield world.
Also, for whatever reason old hedge fund guys tend to be goldbugs and hyperinflation hypochondriacs — hyperchondriacs?
— who are simultaneously sure that BB’s policies will produce Weimar redux and furious that so far they have done nothing of the kind.
Oh, by the way, I’ve been getting some taunting because gold is up some since I wrote about it.
Indeed: Return to glory days, or dead ingot bounce?
I guess we’ll find out.
So anyway, the phenomenon of Bernanke rage is interesting.
It probably has something to do with sexual orientation or childhood trauma, right?
Brad DeLong finds Clive Crook making some easily refuted claims about the nature of the stimulus debate in the winter of 2008-2009, and my role in particular.
Look, this isn’t hard.
You can start here and use the “newer entries” link to see everything I wrote on this blog during those months.
There are political pieces; but nowhere in the stimulus discussion, and I mean nowhere, do I demand that stimulus be contingent on repealing the Bush tax cuts, or that it be used as a way to lock in bigger government, or any of the things that Crook for some reason is sure I did.
What’s going on here?
The stimulus debate was indeed political — but almost entirely on the other side, where conservatives railed against any notion that positive government action might do good, and reached for any argument, no matter how bad, against such action.
And all I can see here is that Crook’s pathological centrism — his intense desire to see that the truth is in the middle, never mind actual facts — requires that he invent a history in which Keynesians were just as guilty of politicization as the other side.
Unfortunately, those actual facts — with their well-known liberal bias — do exist, and are right there in the public record.
One criticism I face fairly often is the assertion that I must be dishonest — I must be cherry-picking my evidence, or something — because the way I describe it, I’m always right while the people who disagree with me are always wrong.
And not just wrong, they’re often knaves or fools.
How likely is that?
But may I suggest, respectfully, that there’s another possibility?
Maybe I actually am right, and maybe the other side actually does contain a remarkable number of knaves and fools.
The first point to notice is that I do, in fact, perform a kind of cherry-picking — not of facts, but of issues to write about.
There are many issues on which I see legitimate debate, from the long-run trend of housing prices to the effects of immigration on wages.
And in happier times I would probably write more about such issues than I do, and the tone of my column and blog would be a lot more genteel.
But right now I believe that we’re failing miserably in responding to economic disaster, so I focus my writing on attacking the doctrines and, to some extent, the people responsible for this wrong-headed response.
But can the debate really be as one-sided as I portray it?
Well, look at the results: again and again, people on the opposite side prove to have used bad logic, bad data, the wrong historical analogies, or all of the above.
I’m Krugtron the Invincible!
Am I (and others on my side of the issue) that much smarter than everyone else?
No.
The key to understanding this is that the anti-Keynesian position is, in essence, political.
It’s driven by hostility to active government policy and, in many cases, hostility to any intellectual approach that might make room for government policy.
Too many influential people just don’t want to believe that we’re facing the kind of economic crisis we are actually facing.
And so you have the spectacle of famous economists retreading 80-year-old fallacies, or misunderstanding basic concepts like Ricardian equivalence; of powerful officials instantly canonizing research papers that turn out to be garbage in, garbage out; and so on down the line.
I know, the critics will respond that I’m the one who’s being political — but again, look at how the debate has run so far.
The point is not that I have an uncanny ability to be right; it’s that the other guys have an intense desire to be wrong.
And they’ve achieved their goal.
A while back Noah Smith described one common strategy for arguing against Keynesian economics, and yours truly in particular: “Relentlessly pretend to be an ignorant simpleton.” Of course, as always, this strategy is most effective if you aren’t pretending, and really are an ignorant simpleton.
Which brings me to this rant by Ken Langone, in which he answers my arguments by saying, Let’s stop all this crap with all of these high fallutin’ thoughts and ideas.
You know what happens to people their eyes glaze over, I don’t know what the hell he’s saying.
This may, by the way, be the first time I’ve ever heard anyone say “high fallutin” outside of an old Western.
Anyway, this wounds my vanity.
I like to imagine that I’m pretty good at making economic arguments as simple as possible, and stating them in plain English.
True, I never get to the simplicity of “People are having to tighten their belts, so the government should tighten its belt too.” But that’s because the world isn’t that simple, and some lines sound good but are just wrong.
Now, I don’t know if Langone is really as dumb as he sounds; my guess is, probably not — the attempt to sound like a regular guy, while actually sounding like an actor in a 1950s B-movie, is a giveaway.
Still, maybe this is an occasion to restate what is really going on in the economy, and why I advocate the things I do.
So, in order: 1.
The economy isn’t like an individual family that earns a certain amount and spends some other amount, with no relationship between the two.
My spending is your income and your spending is my income.
If we both slash spending, both of our incomes fall.
2.
We are now in a situation in which many people have cut spending, either because they chose to or because their creditors forced them to, while relatively few people are willing to spend more.
The result is depressed incomes and a depressed economy, with millions of willing workers unable to find jobs.
3.
Things aren’t always this way, but when they are, the government is not in competition with the private sector.
Government purchases don’t use resources that would otherwise be producing private goods, they put unemployed resources to work.
Government borrowing doesn’t crowd out private borrowing, it puts idle funds to work.
As a result, now is a time when the government should be spending more, not less.
If we ignore this insight and cut government spending instead, the economy will shrink and unemployment will rise.
In fact, even private spending will shrink, because of falling incomes.
4.
This view of our problems has made correct predictions over the past four years, while alternative views have gotten it all wrong.
Budget deficits haven’t led to soaring interest rates (and the Fed’s “money-printing” hasn’t led to inflation); austerity policies have greatly deepened economic slumps almost everywhere they have been tried.
5.
Yes, the government must pay its bills in the long run.
But spending cuts and/or tax increases should wait until the economy is no longer depressed, and the private sector is willing to spend enough to produce full employment.
Is this impossibly complicated?
I don’t think so.
Now, I suppose that someone like Langone will just respond that it’s all gibberish he can’t understand.
But unless he really is stupid, which as I said I doubt, that’s only because he doesn’t want to understand.
OK, Reinhart and Rogoff have said their piece.
I’d say that they’re still trying to have it both ways, on two fronts.
They deny asserting that the debt-growth relationship is causal, but keep making statements that insinuate that it is.
And they deny having been strong austerity advocates – but they were happy to bask in the celebrity that came with their adoption as austerian mascots, and never to my knowledge spoke out to condemn all the “eek!
90 percent!” rhetoric that was used to justify sharp austerity right now.
Sorry, guys, but with so much at stake you have a responsibility not just to put stuff out but to make crystal clear what you think it implies for policy.
What was new in this piece, however, was the creation of a straw man.
R-R: The fact that high-debt episodes last so long suggests that they are not, as some liberal economists contend, simply a matter of downturns in the business cycle.
Who are these “some liberal economists”?
As far as I know, none of their prominent critics have made that particular argument.
It has always been about the effects of sustained low growth, for whatever reason, on debt ratios.
Maybe an exercise I’ve been doing will help.
I’ve put together what I think of as G7-decadal-RR.
I take debt ratios for the G7 (to hold the size of the effort down, and also produce a cleaner graph) only once a decade, at 1950, 1960, etc., and look at growth rates over the following decade.
When I do that it looks like this: So there’s a clear negative correlation between debt and growth, although no cliff at 90 percent or actually anywhere.
The absence of a cliff is crucial: whereas R-R like to say that debt going above 90 percent cuts your growth rate by 1 percentage point, what we actually find is that raising the debt ratio by 45 points cuts growth by 1 point, which is a very different implication.
As Brad DeLong has been pointing out, numbers like that, even if you take them as causal, are a very weak argument for austerity in a liquidity trap.
Suppose you cut spending by 2 percent of GDP.
This probably reduces GDP by about 3 percent, and reduces the deficit by only about 1 percent of GDP; meanwhile, if we believe in this relationship, it raises GDP a decade later by 0.23 percent.
A slam-dunk case for austerity this isn’t.
But anyway, you should not consider this relationship causal.
It’s driven by a few high-debt low-growth cases on one side, and a few high-growth low-debt cases on the other.
Let’s label the countries involved: So, the alleged relationship is driven by (a) fast growth in the former Axis powers, which had very little debt and were recovering from war damage, after World War II; and slow growth in Japan and Italy since 1990.
The latter cases were clearly a matter of growth slowdowns leading to higher debt, not the other way around; the former a case of spurious correlation.
This is not stuff that should be having any influence on policy.
Jared Bernstein shakes his head at what he calls “weirdness” at the Washington Post, citing an editorial and a commentary by Robert Samuelson.
I second his views, but I’d like to point out something else about Samuelson’s piece.
What Samuelson does is to throw up his hands and declare that we just don’t understand what’s going on in the macroeconomy.
How does he know this?
He talks to several people who declare themselves deeply puzzled by events — notably, Lorenzo Bini Smaghi and Allan Meltzer.
But it’s no mystery why Bini Smaghi and Meltzer would find it all very puzzling — they personally got everything wrong.
Bini Smaghi spent years sneering at anyone suggesting that Greece might need to write off some of its debts.
Meltzer has been predicting runaway inflation for four years.
Some of us don’t find the macro developments puzzling at all; we applied basic IS-LM macro, understood from the beginning that monetary policy would have little traction, warned that austerity policies would have major negative effects.
Basic textbook macro has in fact worked fine.
And so you might think that Samuelson would ask the people who got it wrong why they got it wrong, and whether it might not be because they had the wrong framework while the Keynesians were closer to the truth.
But no; he acts as if these people are the authorities, and their personal predictive failures demonstrate that nobody can get it right.
Oh, and it goes without saying that these “experts” have not reconsidered their views at all.
Still thinking my way through the Reinhart-Rogoff debacle and related issues, and I think there’s an important point to be made here about the state of macroeconomics.
You can already see quite a few people reacting to this affair by declaring that macro is humbug, we don’t know anything, and we should just ignore economists’ pronouncements.
Some of the people saying this are economists themselves!
But the truth is that basic macroeconomics — IS-LM type macro, the stuff that’s in Econ 101 textbooks — has performed spectacularly well in the crisis.
The true test of an analytical framework is how it performs in unusual or extreme circumstances, how well it predicts “out of sample”.
What we have experienced since 2007 is a series of huge policy shocks — and basic macroeconomics made some very counterintuitive predictions about the effects of those shocks.
Unprecedented budget deficits, the model said, would not drive up interest rates.
A tripling of the monetary base would not cause runaway inflation.
Sharp government spending cuts wouldn’t free up resources for the private sector, they would depress the economy more than one-for-one, so that private spending as well as public would fall.
Quite a few people considered these predictions not just wrong but absurd; they braced for soaring rates and inflation, they waited for the good news from austerity.
But the model passed the test with flying colors.
Remember how Romer and Bernstein were savaged for assuming a multiplier of around 1.5?
Four years later, after much soul-searching from the IMF about why it underestimated the costs of austerity, estimates seem to be converging on a multiplier of … about 1.5.
So how is it that economists look so bad?
The answer is that too many prominent economists chose, for one reason or another, to reject the existing model.
Maybe they were just trying to score points by being different; maybe they were sucked in by the approbation of the VSPs, the rewards that came from telling important people what they wanted to hear.
In any case, we had Alesina/Ardagna saying that austerity is actually expansionary thanks to confidence effects; Reinhart/Rogoff saying that debt has terrible effects on growth via unexplained channels.
This stuff was creative, different, deeply appealing to powerful people — and dead wrong.
If you stayed with Econ 101, you got it right, if you went with the trendy stuff you made a fool of yourself.
The lesson we should have taken from this crisis was that plain ordinary macro is actually a very powerful, very useful tool, one that you ignore at your peril.
When I was little I loved, just loved the John Ford movie The Horse Soldiers, a dramatization of Grierson’s Raid; I think I made my father take me four times.
As an adult, unfortunately, I found it more or less unwatchable — the prettification of war just won’t wash for me now.
(The famous scene with the military school students never happened during that raid; something like it did happen during Sherman’s sweep through the Carolinas, but it was a slaughter).
No matter — the reality was actually more dramatic than the movie, with the real Benjamin Grierson — a music teacher who hated horses — a far more interesting character than the one John Wayne played.
And now that we’re at the 150th anniversary of the raid, I’m going to have a chance to start indulging my U.S. Grant obsession.
I’ve always had a thing for Grant — the stubby, unprepossessing guy who failed at most things until he turned out to have a unique understanding of modern war.
The scene at Appomattox — aristocratic Lee in his dress uniform surrendering to disheveled, unimpressive-looking Grant — represents for me the coming of the modern world.
On to Vicksburg!
Update: Some readers are portraying Grant as a crude attrition-type general based on his record in Virginia.
But it’s pretty clear to me at least that the problem in Virginia was basically the Army of the Potomac, or more specifically many of its officers, who were spooked by Lee and repeatedly failed to carry through even when they had clear advantages.
Grant had completely outmaneuvered Lee several times, for example at Petersburg, which should have been a Vicksburg-style sweep, only to have the moment thrown away by sluggish commanders; the same thing happened to Sheridan in the Valley.
And in the final chase to Appomattox, once the Army of the Potomac finally realized that victory was at hand, Grant showed every bit as much vigor as at Vicksburg.
A few somewhat unrelated notes on the Reinhart-Rogoff fiasco: 1.
I thought I remembered another recent Excel disaster — and sure enough, spreadsheet coding played a role in the London Whale disaster at JP Morgan: After subtracting the old rate from the new rate, the spreadsheet divided by their sum instead of their average, as the modeler had intended.
This error likely had the effect of muting volatility by a factor of two and of lowering the VaR .
.
.
2.
There’s going to be some back and forth about modeling strategies, data choice, and so on, and I’m pretty sure some people will try to say that R-R were basically right.
At this point, however, it’s reasonably clear what the data will say, because others have created data sets that more or less match what R-R claimed to have looked at; e.g., this working paper from the OECD.
Here, for example, is growth for developed countries starting in 1790: There is a negative correlation between debt and growth in the data; we can argue about how much of this represents reverse correlation.
There is not, however, any red line at 90 percent.
And that red line has been crucial to R-R’s influence — without the “OMG, we’re going to cross 90 percent unless we go for austerity now now now” factor, the paper would never have had the influence it’s had.
3.
It’s important to make a distinction between the R-R book “This time is different” and the paper.
The paper got undeserved credibility from the book; now the book may be devalued by the paper.
But they’re quite different.
The book had a sound empirical strategy: it focused only on extreme events, then described what happened around those events.
Because of the severity of the shock, it was reasonable to infer that whatever happened around crises was in fact crisis-related, so problems of causation were sidestepped.
The paper didn’t do any of that — it just looked at simple correlations, without making any effort to untangle causation.
It wasn’t worthy of the authors.
And they behaved badly by digging in when critiques surfaced, rather than responding with a good-faith effort to sort out what was really happening.
Again, however, the larger story is the evident urge of Very Serious People to find excuses for inflicting pain.
There’s an interesting discussion underway about whether rising population necessarily leads to rising land prices over time.
Bill McBride of Calculated Risk says yes: A key reason for the upward slope in real house prices is because some areas are land constrained, and with an increasing population, the value of land increases faster than inflation.
Noah Smith disagrees, because land isn’t really particularly scarce — when we see high land prices in some metro areas, it’s all about the agglomeration effects, which could go in various directions over time.
My first reaction to Smith’s comment was that it might not matter very much, because new metropolitan areas are very hard to create; there may be plenty of land around Lubbock, but nobody’s going to move there, so a growing population has to squeeze into the metropolitan areas we have.
But then I realized that this might not be the last word either; even if people want to stay in existing metro areas, they can hive off “edge cities” at the, um, edges of these metro areas, so that the relevant population density — the density that makes land in or near urban hubs expensive — might not rise even if the overall population of the metro area goes up.
And we have data!
Via Richard Florida, new work by the Census (pdf) calculates “population-weighted density” — a weighted average of density across census tracts, where the tracts are weighted not by land area but by population; this gives a much better idea of how the average person lives.
As Florida points out, the new measure conveys a much better sense of how metros differ.
For example, by the standard density measure Los Angeles is actually denser than New York, basically because LA is hemmed in by mountains, limiting how far the sprawl/commuting zone can reach.
But New York has an urban core in a way that LA does not, and sure enough, it has a much, much higher population-weighted density.
What I wanted, however, was trends — and the Census has calculated this measure both for metros and for national aggregates for both 2000 and 2010.
Here’s what it looks like: So, a couple of points.
First, although America is a vast, thinly populated country, with fewer than 90 people per square mile, the average American lives in a quite densely populated neighborhood, with more than 5000 people per square mile.
The next time someone talks about small towns as the “real America”, bear in mind that the real real America — the America in which most Americans live — looks more or less like metropolitan Baltimore.
Second, however, although the US population and hence the population density rose about 10 percent over the course of the naughties, the average American was living in a somewhat less dense neighborhood in 2010 than in 2000, as population spread out within metropolitan areas.
If you like, we’re becoming a bit less a nation of Bostons and a bit more a nation of Houstons.
This is, I think, a picture of urban geography in which the link between overall rising population and land prices is likely to be diffuse at best.
So I think I call this one for Smith — although McBride’s point that actual real housing prices do seem to have an upward trend remains important, and needs explaining.
Keynesians have, over all, had a very good track record in this economic crisis; one indication of just how good is the remarkable extent to which people on the other side have had attack people like me for supposed wrong predictions we never, in fact, made (you endorsed Obama’s economic projections!
No, I didn’t).
One area where things haven’t worked out as expected, however, is on the deflation front.
Inflation has stayed very subdued; but coming in to the crisis I certainly thought that actual Japanese-style deflation was a real possibility.
That hasn’t materialized (and for that matter, even Japan never had more than very gradual deflation).
Why?
One possibility was that there wasn’t as much slack in the economy as we thought, that a lot of the problem was structural rather than cyclical.
Another possibility, however, which I at least noted fairly early on, was that downward nominal wage rigidity could explain why the fairly rapid falls in inflation seen in previous slumps weren’t happening this time; if wages are “reluctant” to actually fall, inflation becomes “sticky” at low levels even with a very depressed economy.
So now we have two new analyses, by Hobijn and Daly at a Boston Fed conference, and in the IMF’s new World Economic Outlook, both of which strongly suggest that the issue isn’t structural unemployment, it’s low responsiveness of inflation to unemployment when inflation is low to begin with.
Three points here: 1.
This does say that there is little risk of accelerating inflation.
Indeed, Hobijn and Daly suggest that there’s a “pent-up demand for wage cuts” that will probably push inflation lower even if the economy is recovering.
2.
Central banks and other policy makers will be making a terrible mistake if they look at low, stable inflation and pat themselves on the back for a job well done.
Low, stable inflation, it turns out, is entirely consistent with catastrophic economic mismanagement.
3.
Notice how Keynesians responded to the partial failure of a prediction: by asking what they got wrong, and how their model of the world needed to be adjusted.
This, of course, shows what fools we are: everyone on the other side of these debates knows that you respond to mistakes by never acknowledging them, and doubling down on whatever you originally claimed.
I’ve made it clear that I very much approve of Japan’s new monetary aggressiveness.
But I gather that some readers are confused – haven’t I been arguing that monetary policy is ineffective in a liquidity trap?
The brief answer is that current policy is ineffective, but that you can still get traction if you can change investors’ beliefs about expected future monetary policy – which was the moral of my original Japan paper, lo these 15 years ago.
But I thought it might be worthwhile to go over this again.
So, at this point America and Japan (and core Europe) are all in liquidity traps: private demand is so weak that even at a zero short-term interest rate spending falls far short of what would be needed for full employment.
And interest rates can’t go below zero (except trivially for very short periods), because investors always have the option of simply holding cash.
Incidentally, this isn’t just a hypothetical: there has been a surge in currency holding, although a lot of it is $100 bills held overseas: Under these circumstances, normal monetary policy, which takes the form of open-market operations in which the central bank buys short-term debt with money it creates out of thin air, have no effect.
Why?
Well, the reason open-market operations usually work is that people are making a tradeoff between yield and liquidity – they hold money, which offers no interest, for the liquidity but limit their holdings because they pay a price in lost earnings.
So if the central bank puts more money out there, people are holding more than they want, try to offload it, and drive rates down in the process.
But if rates are zero, there is no cost to liquidity, and people are basically saturated with it; at the margin, they’re holding money simply as a store of value, essentially equivalent to short-term debt.
And a central bank operation that swaps money for debt basically changes nothing.
Ordinary monetary policy is ineffective.
(Some readers may wonder about purchases of long-term debt, which doesn’t have a zero rate.
That will have to be a subject for another post; but it makes little if any difference).
The flip side of this, by the way, is that all those fears about how “printing money” in this slump would lead to runaway inflation were predictably wrong.
If you paid attention to the Japanese story from the last decade, you knew that simply expanding the central bank’s balance sheet did little, and certainly wasn’t inflationary: Here’s the thing, however: the economy won’t always be in a liquidity trap, or at least it might not always be there.
And while investors shouldn’t care about what the central bank does now, they should care about what it will do in the future.
If investors believe that the central bank will keep the pedal to the metal even as the economy begins to recover, this will imply higher inflation than if it hikes rates at the first hint of good news – and higher expected inflation means a lower real interest rate, and therefore a stronger economy.
So the central bank can still get traction if it can change expectations about future policy.
The trouble is that central bankers have a credibility problem – one that’s the opposite of the traditional concern that they might print too much money.
Instead, the concern is that at the first sign of good news they’ll revert to type, snatching away the punch bowl.
You can see in the figure above that the Bank of Japan did just that in the 2000s.
The hope now is that things have changed enough at the Bank of Japan that this time it can, as I put it all those years ago, “credibly promise to be irresponsible”.
And that’s why I’m bullish on the Japanese experiment, even though current monetary policy has little effect.
Sigh.
So Obama is going with the “chained CPI” thing in his latest proposal — changing the price index used for Social Security cost adjustments.
This is, purely and simply, a benefit cut.
Does it make sense in policy terms?
No.
First of all, there is no reason to believe that the chained index is a better measure of inflation facing seniors than the standard CPI.
It’s true that the standard measure arguably understates inflation for the typical household — but seniors have a different consumption basket from the young, one that includes more medical expenses, and probably face true inflation that’s higher, not lower, than the official measure.
Anyway, it’s not as if the current level of real benefits has any sacred significance.
The truth — although you’ll never hear this in Serious circles — is that we really should be increasing SS benefits.
Why?
Because the shift from defined-benefit pensions to defined contribution, the rise of the 401(k), has been a bust, and many older Americans will soon find themselves in dire straits.
SS is the last defined-benefit pension still standing — thank you, Nancy Pelosi, for standing up to Bush — and should be strengthened, not weakened.
So what’s this about?
The answer, I fear, is that Obama is still trying to win over the Serious People, by showing that he’s willing to do what they consider Serious — which just about always means sticking it to the poor and the middle class.
The idea is that they will finally drop the false equivalence, and admit that he’s reasonable while the GOP is mean-spirited and crazy.
But it won’t happen.
Watch the Washington Post editorial page over the next few days.
I hereby predict that it will damn Obama with faint praise, saying that while it’s a small step in the right direction, of course it’s inadequate — and anyway, Obama is to blame for Republican intransigence, because he could make them accept a Grand Bargain that includes major revenue increases if only he would show Leadership (TM).
Oh, and wanna bet that Republicans soon start running ads saying that Obama wants to cut your Social Security?
Update: I forgot to explain that the chart shows the ratio of financial-sector debt to GDP.
Well, it turns out that I’ve actually been polite to David Stockman; Neil Irwin describes his recent writings as “spittle-filled”, and gets at the essentially destructive nature of Stockman’s critique.
More on that another day.
What I want to point out is the way Stockman unintentionally makes a point I’ve been trying to get across: debt does not directly impoverish us, because it’s money we owe to ourselves.
OK, some of it is money we owe to foreigners, but I’ve dealt with that part already.
So here’s Stockman on how we lived “high on the hog”; he cites the current account deficit (which actually turns out to be a smaller thing than he imagines), then declares In effect, America underwent an internal leveraged buyout, raising our ratio of total debt (public and private) to economic output to about 3.6 from its historic level of about 1.6.
Hence the $30 trillion in excess debt (more than half the total debt, $56 trillion) that hangs over the American economy today.
Actually, the LBO analogy isn’t too bad; but if he thought about that for even a minute, he would realize that LBOs have nothing to do with spending sprees, they’re just a change in the structure of risk, with equity (which shares the risk among a fairly broad set of investors) replaced with debt (that concentrates the risk).
Anyway, think about the macroeconomics; did America really put itself $30 trillion in hock to someone else?
No, some Americans lent to other Americans, which is a very different issue.
And wait: even that isn’t really true.
About half of the rise in Stockman’s rise in the debt-GDP ratio is debt of the financial sector: How did that happen?
Two things: a shift from ordinary deposit-based banking to shadow banking, and the increasingly complexity of the financial system.
The first raises the official debt number because bank deposits aren’t counted as debt, even though they really are just a particular kind of debt.
The second raises the debt number because the same money can be counted several times if an institution buys debt securities, then uses them as collateral to issue debt of its own, which is what repo is all about.
Oh, and the rapid drop in the debt ratio reflects a partial return to plain vanilla banking, not a massive paydown of obligations.
The point is that neither shifting from deposits to other forms of debt nor complexification of the financial system involve borrowing from the future, spending more than we earn.
They’re just fancier ways of owing money to ourselves, ways that cause the official debt ratio to rise.
So skip the moral lectures, please.
Now, just to be clear, I’m not saying that complex shadow banking is harmless.
Far from it: like LBOs, it shifts risk around, and as it turns out the concentration of risk made our economy much more fragile than it used to be.
That’s a big deal.
But it’s not at all the kind of big deal the debt scolds would make it out to be.
And it’s just crazy to use the economy’s excessive reliance on fancy finance to argue that we can’t do what it takes to restore full employment.
I guess I’m going to have to write more about David Stockman’s unfortunate rant, since a lot of people who should know better seem to think he made serious points.
Right now, however, I just want to lay down a marker on an issue I really really do know something about: America as a net international debtor.
Stockman describes a horror show: Then came Lyndon B. Johnson’s “guns and butter” excesses, which were intensified over one perfidious weekend at Camp David, Md., in 1971, when Richard M. Nixon essentially defaulted on the nation’s debt obligations by finally ending the convertibility of gold to the dollar.
That one act — arguably a sin graver than Watergate — meant the end of national financial discipline and the start of a four-decade spree during which we have lived high on the hog, running a cumulative $8 trillion current-account deficit.
Leave the goldbuggery aside (does Stockman think that countries pegged to gold — or, for that matter, the euro — never run current account deficits?).
Are things as bad as he says?
Well, the $8 trillion number is right.
But while it may be EIGHT TRILLION DOLLARS, that’s a cumulative deficit (which began in the 80s, by the way, not the 70s) of only half of this year’s GDP.
And if you know anything about the subject, you know that America’s debtor position isn’t actually that deep, because of capital gains (which aren’t counted in the current account): But OK, market valuations are one thing, what about income flows?
Aren’t we now paying a lot in interest to foreigners?
Ahem.
Here’s US net international investment income — income from US assets abroad minus income payments on foreign assets in the US — as a percentage of GDP: Now, that surge at the end is crisis-related: America tends to issue debt while buying equity and real assets abroad, so the plunge in interest rates has pushed up our net investment earnings, and this will go down again if and when we recover.
Prior to the crisis, the trend was clearly down.
But we’re talking about fairly modest numbers, with America still earning more than it pays.
This is the result of an epic spending spree, four decades of living high on the hog?
But of course you don’t check out these numbers if your purpose is to scare readers by talking about EIGHT TRILLION DOLLARS.
Brad DeLong is puzzled by Martin Feldstein’s mental contortions as he tries to come up with a reason to raise interest rates in a depressed economy.
So am I.
But I’m also puzzled by Feldstein’s underlying economic analysis, in which he treats it as totally obvious that we have a massive bond bubble.
Now, maybe we do have a bond bubble.
But the arguments Feldstein uses are one that I thought every sensible economist — a group I thought included Feldstein — had dismissed as bogus years ago.
Feldstein writes: Historically, the real interest rate on ten-year Treasuries has been above 2%; thus, today’s rate is about two percentage points below its historical average.
But those historical rates prevailed at times when fiscal deficits and federal government debt were much lower than they are today.
With budget deficits that are projected to be 5% of GDP by the end of the coming decade, and a debt/GDP ratio that has roughly doubled in the past five years and is continuing to grow, the real interest rate on Treasuries should be significantly higher than it was in the past.
In the words of Charlie Brown, aauuuggghhh!
Why do we have large fiscal deficits?
Because of the collapse of private demand, especially housing.
The private sector’s financial surplus has surged; government deficits have risen in counterpart through the operation of automatic stabilizers, mainly revenue but also unemployment insurance and other safety-net programs.
This is a situation of weak demand for funds, not strong demand; it’s a situation in which you would expect bond yields to be lower than normal, not higher — and you’d be right.
One consequence of the economy’s weakness is that the Fed is keeping short-term interest rates down at the zero lower bound — and they’re likely to stay there for years to come.
Take the CBO’s latest economic projection for unemployment and inflation, and apply a simple Taylor rule.
Here’s the path for short-term rates that this implies: So years of zero rates, and still fairly low rates thereafter; the implied 10-year rate is about 2.
And if you believe that the CBO is overly optimistic, as it has been consistently through this crisis, you can justify an even lower rate.
So why does Feldstein think that the 10-year rate might go to 5 percent any day now?
The thing is, Feldstein has invented a puzzle — how can rates be so low?
— where there really isn’t any puzzle.
He then grabs hold of an answer to his imagined puzzle — it must be the quantitative easing!
— that assigns vastly more importance to Fed bond purchases than I think can be justified by any evidence I see.
And out of all that he manages to conjure up an argument for tightening monetary policy in the face of still-disastrous unemployment.
Bizarre; and not what I expected from Feldstein.
Still, let me say something nice: at least it’s better than the Stockman screed.
Aha — in my post on Europe’s policy failure, I somehow failed to notice that the new Maddison dataset provides per capita real GDP, which means that I should use per capita GDP in looking at the current crisis.
And my point about dismal performance gets even stronger: Europe in 2013 has recovered worse from its slump than Europe in 1935.
Again, great work, guys.
Ed Kilgore points us to a Politico piece on Paul Ryan’s apparently declining profile, and has fun mocking the writing.
Indeed, the piece is written as if it were a teen magazine discussing Justin Bieber.
But that’s actually not what struck me most; instead, it was the way Jonathan Martin manages to write a whole, quite long post about Ryan’s rise and apparent fall without mentioning the corresponding rise and fall of his reputation as a serious policy wonk.
Even if you yourself don’t care about policy, surely this has to be a large part of the story?
After all, Ryan’s appeal was based on a very special kind of act: he was playing the Serious, Honest Conservative who was totally faithful to right-wing ideology but at the same time could run numbers with the best of them, and draw praise from mainstream commentators for his Seriousness and Honesty.
Because he was Serious and Honest, you know — everyone said so (or at least everyone except you-know-who, and when has he ever been right about anything?).
But none of it was true; Ryan’s budgets were flimflam through and through, consisting of huge tax cuts for the wealthy that outweighed even his savage cuts in aid to the needy, so that all the claims of fiscal responsibility rested on giant magic asterisks on both revenue and spending.
And although it took a couple of years for this reality to break through the conventional wisdom, at this point pretty much all the people who praised Serious Honest Paul have now conceded, in effect if not in so many words, that he’s a phony after all.
They’ll never admit that they were wrong — hardly anyone ever does — but SHP can no longer play his accustomed role of serving the base while basking in the approbation of the VSPs.
And given all that, what use is he?
What does be bring to the party, or make that the Party?
Now, Martin puts it all in terms of salesmanship, in terms of not generating enough buzz, in terms of catching cooties from Mitt Romney.
I won’t say that these are irrelevant, but I do think they’re relatively minor.
Basically, Ryan had an act that played well with Beltway insiders for a little while, but eventually went first stale, then rancid.
He was 2011’s man, and that was then.
Some readers have asked me to reply to this Steve Keen piece claiming that I don’t understand the IS-LM model.
Sigh.
I really don’t want to spend time fighting against people with whom I don’t really have a current policy disagreement — and this is so silly, besides.
But to satisfy those who are for some reason nervous, here’s a brief explanation of why somebody doesn’t understand IS-LM.
Keen starts from a picture I drew to illustrate the nature of a liquidity trap: He then says, aha!
The IS market is out of equilibrium when we’re in a liquidity trap, but Krugman writes as if it were in equilibrium!
Gotcha!
Um, it pays to read the labels.
Those savings and investment curves are what the supply and demand for funds would be if the economy were at full employment.
They’re not the curves that actually apply when the economy is operating below full employment.
In the IS-LM model, the quantity of funds supplied is always equal to the quantity of funds demanded — because the level of output adjusts.
This is true both when the zero lower bound applies and when it doesn’t.
In fact, that’s the essential insight of IS-LM: both liquidity preference and loanable funds are true, which is possible because both the interest rate and income are adjusting variables.
Hicks could have told you that; in fact, he did.
So what Keen thinks is a big logical fallacy on my part is just a failure of reading comprehension on his part.
Look, IS-LM could be all wrong; but I am accurately reflecting the way that model works.
And while I am not infallible, I have done a lot of economic modeling in my time; if you think that I’ve made an elementary logical error, you might want to check your reasoning very carefully before going with it.
So can we get back to serious stuff?
Ugh.
And I say that advisedly.
John Cogan and John Taylor have a piece in the WSJ (where else) arguing that the latest Ryan budget would actually be expansionary, because confidence!
It’s as if all the experience of recent years, in which the confidence fairy has yet to make an appearance, hasn’t happened.
But this is fairly standard; why the ugh?
Partly because the Ryan budget is so obviously ludicrous; it’s distressing to see credentialed economists lending support to the thing.
But also because Cogan and Taylor make a basically dishonest claim about the state of research.
Reading them, you’d think that anyone who believes that contractionary policy is contractionary is just a simpleton who doesn’t know about expectations: Our assessment is based on a modern macroeconomic model (developed with Volker Wieland of the University of Frankfurt and Maik Wolters of the University of Kiel) whose features include a recognition that the resources to finance government expenditures aren’t free—they withdraw resources from the private economy.
The model provides for other essential attributes of the economy—that consumers, businesses and workers respond to incentives, and they are influenced by their expectation of future economic conditions when making decisions today.
None of these features is provided for in old-style Keynesian models.
Actually, in a depressed economy the resources to finance government expenditures are free, because they would otherwise be unemployed.
Mainly, however, the notion that Keynesians don’t believe that expectations of future conditions affect decisions today is … strange.
Both old Keynesian and new Keynesian models — like Mike Woodford, whom they appear never to have read — are very much about expectations.
In fact, the only interesting question here is why their results are so different from Woodford’s.
My guess is that they have slipped in some assumption that won’t stand scrutiny, like the notion that the Fed will raise rates even with the economy deeply below capacity.
(They’ve done that before).
Anyway, sad stuff to see, and a disservice to readers.
Via Mark Thoma, a new paper in Vox on the effects of increased rail service, making clever use of natural experiments created by changes in German ownership and regulation.
The results aren’t that surprising — more frequent rail service sharply reduces pollution and other costs associated with driving — but it’s good to have this kind of solid work to back our intuition.
And can I say that this is a subject that really deserves a lot more attention?
Mea culpa; I haven’t written much for a while on these issues, focusing mainly on the economic crisis, which is for the moment on the front burner.
But we know, as surely as we know anything in economics, that there are huge market failures here — that every time an individual chooses to drive during rush hour, he or she is imposing huge costs on other drivers, people who breathe the air, and more.
Ideally, the right answer is to get the incentives right, and charge large fees for driving in congestion.
Short of that, there are huge second-best payoffs to mass transit; if you did the accounting properly, Amtrak’s northeast corridor service (which makes money even without taking this into account) is a huge social boon, and projects like the Hudson rail tunnel should be total no-brainers.
And the thing is that these are externalities that everyone can see.
You can deny global warming (and may you be punished in the afterlife for doing so — this kind of denial for petty personal or political reasons is an almost inconceivable sin).
But can anyone deny that more drivers means more traffic congestion?
Well, maybe I’m understating the power of denial.
But still, this is a totally obvious case for government intervention that’s staring us in the face every time we hit the road.
Ah, remember the good old days of expansionary austerity?
On both sides of the Atlantic, austerians seized on academic work by Alberto Alesina and Silvia Ardagna claiming that fiscal consolidation, if focused on spending cuts, would if anything lead to economic expansion.
It wasn’t because the paper was especially compelling — even a quick look suggested that the methodology for identifying austerity was seriously flawed.
But A-A told people what they wanted to hear, and they went with it.
Since then we’ve had what has to be one of the most decisive combinations of scholarly critique and real-world tests of an economic doctrine ever — and expansionary austerity has failed with flying colors.
The IMF went about identifying austerity through an examination of actual policy, and A-A’s results were reversed.
Critics showed that all of the alleged examples of expansion through austerity involved factors like currency depreciation or sharp falls in interest rates that don’t apply now.
Osbornian policies in the UK led to stagnation; and in the euro area, well … By the way, if you take out Greece, the result is pretty much the same, although the R-squared goes down.
So you might have expected austerians to change their minds, or at least to come up with other justifications.
But no.
Both David Cameron and Paul Ryan are still preaching that old expansionary austerity religion, confidence fairy and all.
This is, by the way, a fairly big deal for the Ryan budget, which actually produces a lot of front-loaded austerity, in part because it keeps the tax hikes that finance Obamacare while cancelling the Medicaid expansion and exchange subsidies.
The result would be a lot of fiscal drag in 2014 and 2015 — years when the U.S. is very likely still to be in a liquidity trap, so multipliers will be large.
This particular “Path to Prosperity” is, in the short to medium term, very much a path to continued depression.
Luckily it isn’t going to happen.
And a quick read of reactions suggests that the new Ryan plan is being greeted with derision rather than adulation.
Is our pundits learning?
A bit, maybe.
OK, I’m an evil person — and my scheming has paid off.
On Friday I started hearing from friends about a fake story making the rounds about my allegedly filing for personal bankruptcy; I even got asked about the story by a reporter from Russian television, who was very embarrassed when I told him it was fake.
But I decided not to post anything about it; instead, I wanted to wait and see which right-wing media outlets would fall for the hoax.
And Breitbart.com came through!
Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to go give a lavishly paid speech to Friends of Hamas.
Kevin O’Rourke points me to the FT’s Brussels blog, which passes on the news that various officials at the European Commission are issuing outraged tweets against yours truly.
You see, I’ve been mean to Olli Rehn.
And the EC response perfectly illustrates why I do what I do.
What you would never grasp from those outraged tweets is that all my criticisms have been substantive.
I never asserted that Mr. Rehn’s mother was a hamster and his father smelt of elderberries; I pointed out that he has been promising good results from austerity for years, without changing his rhetoric a bit despite ever-rising unemployment, and that his response to studies suggesting larger adverse effects from austerity than he and his colleagues had allowed for was to complain that such studies undermine confidence.
It’s telling that what the Brussels blog calls a “particularly nasty attack” was in fact a summary of Paul DeGrauwe’s work indicating that European austerity has been deeply wrong-headed, in the course of which I quoted Mr. Rehn asserting, once again, that old-time austerian faith.
Now, it’s true that I use picturesque language — but I do that for a reason.
“Words ought to be a little wild”, said John Maynard Keynes, “for they are the assault of thoughts on the unthinking.” Exactly.
Kevin O’Rourke refers to the “cocooned elites in Brussels”, which gets to the heart of the matter.
The dignity of office can be a terrible thing for intellectual clarity: you can spend years standing behind a lectern or sitting around a conference table drinking bottled water, delivering the same sententious remarks again and again, and never have anyone point out how utterly wrong you have been at every stage of the game.
Those of us on the outside need to do whatever we can to break through that cocoon — and ridicule is surely one useful technique.
There’s an especially telling tweet in there about how “unimpressive” I was when visiting the Commission in 2009.
No doubt; I’m not an imposing guy.
(I’ve had the experience of being overlooked by the people who were supposed to meet me at the airport, and eventually being told, “We expected you to be taller”).
And for the life of me I can’t remember a thing about the Commission visit.
Still, you can see what these people consider important: never mind whether you have actually proved right or wrong about the impacts of economic policy, what matters is whether you come across as impressive.
And let’s be clear: this stuff matters.
The European economy is in disastrous shape; so, increasingly, is the European political project.
You might think that eurocrats would worry mainly about that reality; instead, they’re focused on defending their dignity from sharp-tongued economists.
Yes, it’s still afternoon, but I’m going to go be human for a few hours, then do Ed Schultz.
ER — which describes their music as “transcendental folk” — is performing at Joe’s Pub in NYC this Sunday:
I’ve been browsing through the collected speeches of Olli Rehn, the vice-president of the European Commission, who has emerged as the face of denialism when it comes to the effects of austerity.
What I wanted to do is pinpoint what, exactly, he and those who share his position see as the evidence that their view is right.
And I think it’s two things.
First, they look at the decline in interest spreads against Germany for troubled countries: I see these moves as indicators of the effects of ECB policies — the LTRO program at the end of 2011, and the signaled willingness to buy sovereign debt beginning last summer.
But they see it as proof that the confidence fairy has arrived.
Second, they see adjustment in unit labor costs: I see that too — but it looks as if only a fraction of the needed adjustment has taken place, with years to go.
So basically they have seized on the ECB’s success at stabilizing debt markets — which from the De Grauwe point of view, which I share, is a demonstration that extreme austerity was unnecessary and unwise — as a vindication of austerity; and they have taken the slow progress of grinding deflation as a sign that all will be well.
Oh, by the way — for those following it, De Grauwe got his austerity measures here.
Some readers have been asking me for the data source for Paul De Grauwe’s measure of austerity.
I’m working on it.
Meanwhile, however — and partly for my own reference — I discovered that I can do a similar exercise over a somewhat longer time horizon, which I’m posting in large part as a note to myself.
Now, measuring austerity is tricky.
You can’t just use budget surpluses or deficits, because these are affected by the state of the economy.
You can — and I often have — use “cyclically adjusted” budget balances, which are supposed to take account of this effect.
This is better; however, these numbers depend on estimates of potential output, which themselves seem to be affected by business cycle developments.
So the best measure, arguably, would look directly at policy changes.
And it turns out that the IMF Fiscal Monitor provides us with those estimates, as a share of potential GDP, for selected countries from 2009 to 2012 (Table 15).
What I’ve done is to plot those estimates (horizontal axis) against changes in real GDP from 2008 to 2012 (vertical axis).
Here it is: The implied multiplier is 1.2; the R-squared is 0.84.
In normal life, a result like this would be considered overwhelming confirmation of the proposition that austerity has large negative impacts.
Yes, you can concoct elaborate stories about how it could be wrong; but it’s really reaching.
It seems safe to say that what we have here is a case in which rival theories made different predictions, the predictions of one theory proved completely wrong while those of the other were totally vindicated — but in which adherents of the failed theory, for political and ideological reasons, refuse to accept the facts.
Nobody has taught me as much about the euro crisis as Paul De Grauwe, who brought to the fore a crucial point almost everyone was overlooking: the importance of self-fulfilling debt panics in countries that no longer have their own currencies.
Now he has a new paper with Yuemei Ji following up on that insight, and offering yet more evidence of the incredible unwisdom of European economic policy.
What De Grauwe and Ji show is that the rush to austerity in Europe largely reflected the surge in sovereign debt spreads after Greece got in trouble; the bigger the spread, the harsher the austerity.
But it turned out that the spreads didn’t reflect underlying fiscal fundamentals.
De Grauwe had already made that point by comparing the UK with Spain; similar fiscal outlooks, wildly different borrowing costs.
Now he has another piece of evidence, the spectacular decline in spreads once the ECB signaled its willingness to buy sovereign debt if necessary, thereby removing fears of a self-fulfilling liquidity crisis.
Meanwhile, all that austerity has taken a terrible toll.
De Grauwe and Ji offer us yet another revealing scatterplot, using announced austerity measures in 2011: But hey, Keynesian economics can’t be right, can it?
And they also show that countries pursuing austerity have by and large seen their debt positions worsen: But take heart.
Olli Rehn of the European Commission, last heard declaring that the big problem with austerity isn’t that it doesn’t work, it’s the fact that economists keep publishing studies showing that it doesn’t work, says that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself: Mr. Rehn insisted that Europe’s belt-tightening policies were working and would lay the groundwork for a recovery.
He said the European economy should expand in 2014, with growth reaching 1.6 percent across the Union and 1.4 percent in the euro area.
“We must stay the course of reform and avoid any loss of momentum, which could undermine the turnaround in confidence that is underway, delaying the needed upswing in growth and job creation,” he said in the statement.
Well, that’s all right, then.
Oh, my.
Aaron Carroll is rightly very, very annoyed at Douglas Holtz-Eakin and Arik Roy for saying that Obamacare should be replaced with a free-market system, like Switzerland’s.
As he points out, the Swiss system is nothing like their description.
In particular, they denounce community rating — but Switzerland has community rating!
Actually, though, it’s even worse than Carroll lets on, for two reasons.
One is that Obamacare in fact looks a lot like, you guessed it, the Swiss system — so much so that back in 2009 I described it as a plan to Swissfy America.
After all the screaming about the awfulness of Obamacare, it’s pretty rich to hold up as a role model a very similar system.
But wait, there’s more: the Swiss system is more privatized than other European systems — and guess what, it has higher costs, indeed second only to America’s: Maybe Holtz-Eakin doesn’t know anything about this — but wasn’t Roy supposed to be a conservative expert in this field?
Are they really unaware of the basics here?
Or do they just expect their readers to be easily fooled?
As I’ve written on previous occasions, the Bernie Madoff phenomenon helped me understand a lot about the persistence of bad economics.
Madoff flourished through “affinity fraud”; his investors thought he was their kind of guy, so they didn’t look hard at how he was allegedly making money.
And I realized that a similar phenomenon explains the enduring popularity of goldbugs and fiscal doomsayers — including, say, the Wall Street Journal editorial page — despite years of being wrong about everything; their devotees, who consist in large part of cranky old white men, see kindred spirits and can’t see past that to the consistently terrible analysis.
But it’s not just the goldbugs who benefit from affinity fraud, a point driven home by Ezra Klein’s piece on Alan Simpson.
Simpson is, demonstrably, grossly ignorant on precisely the subjects on which he is treated as a guru, not understanding the finances of Social Security, the truth about life expectancy, and much more.
He is also a reliably terrible forecaster, having predicted an imminent fiscal crisis — within two years — um, two years ago.
Yet he remains not only respectable among the Beltway crowd; as Ezra says, he’s lionized in a way that looks from the outside like a clear violation of journalistic norms: For reasons I’ve never quite understood, the rules of reportorial neutrality don’t apply when it comes to the deficit.
On this one issue, reporters are permitted to openly cheer a particular set of highly controversial policy solutions.
At Tuesday’s Playbook breakfast, for instance, Mike Allen, as a straightforward and fair a reporter as you’ll find, asked Simpson and Bowles whether they believed Obama would do “the right thing” on entitlements — with “the right thing” clearly meaning “cut entitlements.” So what is it that makes Simpson the figure he is?
Clearly, it’s an affinity thing: never mind his obvious lack of knowledge, his ludicrous track record, reporters trust and idolize Simpson because he’s their kind of guy.
And think about what it says about them that their kind of guy is this cantankerous, potty-mouthed individual, who evidently feels not a bit of empathy for those less fortunate.
Joe Weisenthal tries to understand why Barron’s, which he describes as a “quiet financial newspaper”, has a hysterical cover story about Obama turning America into Greece, Greece I tell you.
So you might want to note that they’ve done this before.
I don’t regularly read Barron’s or even notice what they’re saying, but I did note their frantic calls for a rise in interest rates back in October 2009, that’s right, 2009 — because inflation!
confidence!
The truth is that Barron’s isn’t that different from the WSJ editorial page, which has also been warning about inflation and soaring interest rates for four years or more, and never seems daunted by being wrong again and again.
Nor do readers seem to be put off.
Weisenthal basically puts it down to a marketing ploy; he notes that there’s a very wide overlap between investment newsletter services, and cranky, anti-debt, armageddonism.
It’s part of the pitch.
and he adds that People always want to be told a story.
And the doom story tends to have appeal among the older, conservative readers of these publications.
I’ve made much the same point, more offensively: I think of it as a form of affinity fraud, in which these publications (and various web sites too) reach out to readers by appealing to their shared hatred of snooty intellectuals who probably want to take all their money and give it to the 47 percent; since such people also tend to favor monetary and fiscal flexibility, there you have it.
The remarkable thing is that there seems to be no penalty at all for being wrong, consistently and repeatedly.
Being their kind of guy is all that matters, even if it leads to terrible investment returns.
It looks as if President Obama has successfully set a political trap over the minimum wage.
Raising the minimum is very popular — even a narrow majority of Republicans (pdf) are for it.
But Republican leaders are opposed.
And they’d like people to believe that their opposition is driven by sincere concern for workers who might lose their jobs.
Well, this isn’t likely to work; the public won’t believe in their sincerity, and for good reason.
Here are two examples of why it won’t wash: 1.
The truth is that top Republicans have so little regard for ordinary workers that they can’t even manage to pretend otherwise.
Case in point: on the last Labor Day, Eric Cantor declared, Today, we celebrate those who have taken a risk, worked hard, built a business and earned their own success.
Yep: even on Labor Day, Cantor had nothing positive to say about workers, just praise for their bosses.
2.
Consider a working couple with two children, earning the current minimum wage.
How much federal income tax do they pay?
If I’m doing the math right, the answer is, none — they get a refund.
(They pay plenty of payroll taxes, sales taxes, etc., but that isn’t supposed to count).
In the minds of Republicans, this makes them lucky duckies, members of the 47 percent, part of what’s wrong with America.
The GOP just can’t credibly claim to suddenly be deeply concerned about their job prospects.
Maybe once upon a time, when Republicans were less intellectually inbred, they could have pulled off the stunt of seeming to care about the people supposedly hurt by a higher minimum wage.
But I really don’t think they’re up to it at this point.
Mark Thoma sends us to a piece by Douglas Holtz-Eakin that is both sad and funny.
The sad part is seeing Holtz-Eakin come to this.
He did a fine job running the Congressional Budget Office, shielding it from partisan influence and producing reports that were useful to all sides.
Now, however, he’s parroting the party line, and he doesn’t even seem to be making much of an effort.
I mean, still peddling expansionary austerity at this point?
The funny part is his description of the anti-austerity position as the “pundit orthodoxy”.
Wow.
Just the other day the various Joes – Joe Scarborough, Joe Kernen, etc.
– were saying that I’m all alone, a “unicorn”, one of maybe 3 or 4 people in the whole world who don’t think that the deficit is the biggest problem we face.
(I see from TPM that JoScar now says that I’m the Wayne LaPierre of debt.)
Now I’m part of an orthodoxy?
Well, maybe.
Look at all the pundits on major op-ed pages or TV shows calling for an end to austerity and more stimulus.
There’s me, and there’s … well, maybe Martin Wolf.
But I guess I’m such a big guy that I’m an orthodoxy all by myself.
An annoyed Ryan Avent combats claims that we aren’t seeing any real federal spending cuts.
Indeed — for those of us who warned that premature austerity would undermine recovery, it’s frustrating to see the other side shift from “Austerity is expansionary!” to “Austerity?
What austerity?” when it turned out that austerity did, indeed, undermine recovery.
What’s the clearest way to see what’s happening?
I have taken to looking at the ratio of spending to (the CBO’s estimate of) potential GDP.
You don’t have to believe CBO has it exactly right to believe that a measure including normal growth and inflation is a better baseline than the raw numbers.
Here’s federal spending relative to potential GDP: Spending is still elevated a bit relative to pre-crisis — reflecting higher spending on unemployment benefits and food stamps, plus the ongoing pressures of baby-boomer retirement and rising medical costs.
But it’s way down from the peak.
Yes, we’ve been engaged in austerity — and this is a major reason the recovery has been so weak.
Funny: Angry Bear finds some of the usual suspects explaining How to Debate Paul Krugman, and the answer appears to be this: invent a straw man who bears no resemblance at all to the economist/columnist of the same name, and ridicule that imaginary person.
I have to say, never in my wildest dreams did I imagine that I could play the role of History’s Greatest Monster to so many people.
Thank you for the honor!
Aside from the silliness of the exercise, this little exchange is another illustration of a point I’ve noticed before: the way hard-right commentators assume that the other side must be their mirror image.
They insist that no government intervention is ever justified; so liberals must support any and all government interventions.
They want smaller government, as a principle; liberals must want bigger government, never mind what for.
They believe that deficits and printing money are always evil; liberals must be for deficits and money-printing under all circumstances.
An hour spent browsing this blog would quickly refute all of this, together with the bizarre charge that I never look at evidence; you may not agree with my conclusions, but I sure do post a lot of numbers.
But obviously looking at what I actually write would just be too painful.
Anyway, thanks guys, you made my day.
Three decades ago, when I went off for my year in the U.S. government, an old hand explained to me the nature of the job: it was mostly about fighting bad ideas.
And these bad ideas, he went on to explain, were like cockroaches: no matter how many times you flush them down the toilet, they keep coming back.
Lovely image, isn’t it?
But I’m feeling a bit grumpy this morning, and have been noticing a lot of cockroaches lately.
Thursday night I gave a book talk at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, which was actually a lovely event.
But sure enough, there were people in the audience insisting that Barney Frank, as part of a powerless minority in the House, nonetheless somehow caused the housing bubble and the whole crisis; years of careful, evidence-based refutations have made no impact at all on these people.
Although I have to admit that I’m a bad person; after one questioner finished his peroration with “Am I wrong?”, I did kind of enjoy saying, “Yes, you’re wrong”.
And then there’s the “Keynesians said the stimulus would fix the economy, and it didn’t, so Keynes was wrong” — Dean Baker points us to Joe Scarborough on the subject, and carefully walks us through what we knew and when we knew it.
But here’s an even easier takedown: just look at what I was writing in early 2009, here and here.
What part of “the Obama plan just doesn’t look adequate to the economy’s need” is so hard to understand?
To paraphrase an old line about Vietnam, sometimes it seems to me that we haven’t spent four years discussing the response to economic crisis; we’ve spent one year discussing the crisis, four times, with the discussion starting up each year as if nobody can remember or learn from what went before, and with constant repetition of the same old errors and fallacies.
Sometimes I get comments from people accusing me of repeating myself in the column; no doubt I do make the same arguments multiple times.
But that’s because people keep forgetting!
OK, rant for the morning over.
Back during the early days of the Iraq debacle, I learned that the military has a term for how highly dubious ideas become not just accepted, but viewed as certainties.
“Incestuous amplification” happen when a closed group of people repeat the same things to each other – and when accepting the group’s preconceptions itself becomes a necessary ticket to being in the in-group.
A fundamentally flawed notion – say, that the Germans can’t possibly attack though the Ardennes – becomes part of what everyone knows, where “everyone” means by definition only people who accept the flawed notion.
We saw that in the run-up to Iraq, where perfectly obvious propositions – the case for invading is very weak, the occupation may well be a nightmare – weren’t so much rejected as ruled out of discussion altogether; if you even considered those possibilities, you weren’t a serious person, no matter what your credentials.
Which brings me to the fiscal debate, characterized by the particular form of incestuous amplification Greg Sargent calls the Beltway Deficit Feedback Loop.
I’ve already blogged about my Morning Joe appearance and Scarborough’s reaction, which was to insist that almost no mainstream economists share my view that deficit fear is vastly overblown.
As Joe Weisenthal points out, the reality is that among those who have expressed views very similar to mine are the chief economist of Goldman Sachs; the former Treasury secretary and head of the National Economic Council; the former deputy chairman of the Federal Reserve; and the economics editor of the Financial Times.
The point isn’t that these people are necessarily right (although they are), it is that Scarborough’s attempt at argument through authority is easily refuted by even a casual stroll through recent economic punditry.
But these people aren’t part of the in-group, and if they do make it into the in-group’s conversation at all, it’s only by blurring their message sufficiently that the in-group doesn’t understand it.
And at this point, of course, all the Very Serious People have committed their reputations so thoroughly to the official doctrine that they almost literally can’t hear any contrary evidence.
Mark Thoma is puzzled: if Larry Summers is going to write a piece about how we’re obsessing too much about the deficit, why begin with two paragraphs about how the deficit is a big problem?
But there’s no mystery: that’s the INK disclaimer — I’m Not Krugman.
It’s supposed to establish Larry’s bona fides as a Serious Person, appeasing the deficit scolds so that he can get on with the substance of his argument.
I wish him luck, but don’t think he’ll get far.
For the deficit scolds are unappeasable.
If you believed that the scolds were just honest citizens concerned about America’s long-run prospects, you might also believe that a careful, rational argument about how those prospects are better served by investing more, not less, while the economy is depressed could win them over.
But to hold such beliefs, you’d have to have been living in a cave, reading nothing but the Washington Post editorial page, for the past four years.
The reality, first, is that the deficit scolds — who are, after all, making a living by scolding — depend on constant warnings of imminent fiscal crisis to drum up interest.
Saying that it’s a longer-term issue, and not our first priority right now, is not something they can afford to hear.
Moreover, most of the deficit scolds don’t really care about the deficit; it’s all really about using deficit fears to bully us into downsizing government and tearing down the safety net.
Remember, three of the leading deficit-scold organizations gave Paul Ryan an award for fiscal responsibility even though anyone who understood numbers could see that his plans would actually increase the deficit; and David Walker endorsed Mitt Romney despite his budget-busting proposals on taxes and military spending.
Or consider the deficit-scold habit of hectoring President Obama for failing to endorse a balanced combination of deficit reduction through tax increases and spending cuts, despite the fact that this is exactly what he has endorsed, many times.
Why, you’d almost think that deficit-reduction doesn’t count if it comes from a Democrat.
So Larry is trying to curry favor with a segment of respectable opinion that, as far as I can tell, doesn’t actually exist.
OK, it’s a big country; there may be somebody out there who’s persuadable, maybe even someone inside the Beltway.
Maybe that person and Larry can have lunch.
Joe Stiglitz has an Opinionator piece arguing that inequality is a big factor in our slow recovery.
Joe is an insanely great economist, so everything he says should be taken seriously.
And given my political views and general concerns about inequality, I’d like to agree.
But — you knew there was a “but” coming — I’ve thought about these issues a lot, and haven’t been able to persuade myself that this particular morality tale is right.
It’s worth noting that two of Joe’s four points aren’t really about the current recovery.
He argues that high inequality is causing huge waste of human talent, because the poor and increasingly the middle class lack access to good education; and I agree.
He also argues that inequality fosters financial crisis, and I agree with that too.
But we’re talking about the financial crisis aftermath, not the crisis itself.
What role does inequality play?
First, Joe offers a version of the “underconsumption” hypothesis, basically that the rich spend too little of their income.
This hypothesis has a long history — but it also has well-known theoretical and empirical problems.
It’s true that at any given point in time the rich have much higher savings rates than the poor.
Since Milton Friedman, however, we’ve know that this fact is to an important degree a sort of statistical illusion.
Consumer spending tends to reflect expected income over an extended period.
If you take a sample of people with high incomes, you will disproportionally include people who are having an especially good year, and will therefore be saving a lot; correspondingly, a sample of people with low incomes will include many having a particularly bad year, and hence living off savings.
So the cross-sectional evidence on saving doesn’t tell you that a sustained higher concentration of incomes at the top will lead to higher savings; it really tells you nothing at all about what will happen.
So you turn to the data.
We all know that personal saving dropped as inequality rose; but maybe the rich were in effect having corporations save on their behalf.
So look at overall private saving as a share of GDP: The trend before the crisis was down, not up — and that surge with the crisis clearly wasn’t driven by a surge in inequality.
So am I saying that you can have full employment based on purchases of yachts, luxury cars, and the services of personal trainers and celebrity chefs?
Well, yes.
You don’t have to like it, but economics is not a morality play, and I’ve yet to see a macroeconomic argument about why it isn’t possible.
Joe also argues that high income inequality depresses tax receipts, fueling fiscal fears.
Again, I have trouble with this point: our tax system isn’t as progressive as it should be, but it is at least mildly progressive even when you take state and local taxes into account.
So I don’t know where this is coming from.
I wish I could sign on to this thesis, and I’d be politically very comfortable if I could.
But I can’t see how this works.
Innocent that I am, I never heard the term “affinity fraud” until the Bernie Madoff affair hit the news.
But once you hear it, the concept is obvious: people are most easily conned when they’re getting their disinformation from someone who seems to be part of their tribe, one way or another.
And I found myself thinking about that reality when the predictable reaction to today’s column came in: irate and, I believe, sincere if often incoherent voice mails etc.
declaring that I must be an idiot, evil, or an evil idiot for saying that the budget deficit isn’t a big problem.
They know that I’m completely wrong.
But how?
Have these callers gone through the numbers themselves?
Of course not (although I have also gotten some sophisticated ignorance from people who don’t know the difference between a current-law and a current-policy baseline).
No, they know I’m an evil idiot because they heard someone they trust say it — maybe Rush, maybe someone on Fox, maybe CNBC (which is often indistinguishable from Fox).
The question then becomes, why do they believe their sources?
For on matters economic, the right-wing media have had a spectacular track record for at least 7 years, having been totally wrong about everything.
Remember, Rush and others furiously denied that there was a housing bubble — that was all made up by the liberal media.
Then they denied that we were in a recession.
Then they insisted that expansionary monetary and fiscal policy would lead to soaring inflation and interest rates.
Boy, you could have gotten rich just by taking their implicit investment advice and doing the opposite.
So why does anyone listen at all to these sources?
The answer, surely, is a feeling of affinity — mainly, I’d say, based on shared anger and dislike.
Rush hates snooty professors who presume to know something about economics, or climate, or whatever, moochers living on public aid (except Medicare and Social-Security-receiving conservatives, of course), and, above all, Those People.
Hey, he’s their kind of guy!
And the fact that he’s always wrong doesn’t register at all.
Do accountability moments ever arrive?
Unclear.
It’s true that ratings for people like Sean Hannity who were predicting a Romney blowout plunged right after the election.
But my guess is that they’ll come back as the shock fades.
Certainly Fox doesn’t believe that total loss of credibility matters: it has just renewed Karl Rove’s contract.
I don’t have any answer to this phenomenon.
I don’t think playing up my regular-guy aspects would help; the affinity runs a lot deeper and nastier than mere mannerisms.
All I can do is notice what’s going on.
In the broad sense, surely not, if only because of demography: the Japanese combine a low birth rate with a deep cultural aversion to immigration, so the future role of Japan will be severely constrained by a shortage of Japanese.
But something very odd is happening on the short- to medium-term macroeconomic front.
For the past three years macro policy all across the advanced world has been dominated by Austerian orthodoxy; even where there haven’t been explicit austerity policies, as in the United States, fear of deficits has led to de facto fiscal tightening, while monetary policy has fallen far short of the kind of dramatic expectation-changing moves theoretical analysis suggests are crucial to getting traction in a liquidity trap.
Now, one country seems to be breaking with the orthodoxy — and it is, surprisingly, Japan: The Japanese government approved emergency stimulus spending of ¥10.3 trillion Friday, part of an aggressive push by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to kick-start growth in a long-moribund economy.
Mr. Abe also reiterated his desire for the Japanese central bank to make a firmer commitment to stopping deflation by pumping more money into the economy, which the prime minister has said is crucial to getting businesses to invest and consumers to spend.
“We will put an end to this shrinking and aim to build a stronger economy where earnings and incomes can grow,” Mr. Abe said.
“For that, the government must first take the initiative to create demand and boost the entire economy.” This is especially remarkable because Japan has been held up so often as a cautionary tale: look at how big their debt is!
Disaster looms!
Indeed, back in 2009 there were many stories to the effect that the long-awaited Japanese debt catastrophe was finally coming.
But, actually, not.
Japanese long-term interest rates rose in the spring of 2009 because of hopes of recovery, not fear of bond vigilantes; and when those hopes faded, rates went back down, and are currently well under 1 percent.
Now comes Shinzo Abe.
As Noah Smith informs us, he is not anybody’s idea of an economic hero; he’s a nationalist, a denier of World War II atrocities, a man with little obvious interest in economic policy.
If he’s defying the orthodoxy, it probably reflects his general contempt for learned opinion rather than a considered embrace of heterodox theory.
But that may not matter.
Abe may be ignoring the conventional wisdom on spending, and bullying the Bank of Japan, for all the wrong reasons — but the fact is that he is actually providing fiscal and monetary stimulus at a time when every other advanced-country government is too much in the thrall of the Very Serious People to do something different.
And so far the results have been entirely positive: no spike in interest rates, but a sharp fall in the yen, which is a very good thing for Japan.
It will be a bitter irony if a pretty bad guy, with all the wrong motives, ends up doing the right thing economically, while all the good guys fail because they’re too determined to be, well, good guys.
But that’s what happened in the 1930s, too …
The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities has a graph: The vertical axis measures the projected ratio of federal debt to GDP.
The blue line at the top represents the projected path of that ratio as of early 2011 — that is, before recent agreements on spending cuts and tax increases.
This projection showed a rising path for debt as far as the eye could see.
And just about all budget discussion in Washington and the news media is laid out as if that were still the case.
But a lot has happened since then.
The orange line shows the effects of those spending cuts and tax hikes: As long as the economy recovers, which is an assumption built into all these projections, the debt ratio will more or less stabilize soon.
CBPP goes on to advocate another $1.4 trillion in revenue and/or spending cuts, which would bring the debt ratio at the end of the decade back down to around its current level.
But the larger message here is surely that for the next decade, the debt outlook actually doesn’t look all that bad.
True, there are projected problems further down the road, mainly because of the continuing effects of an aging population.
But it still comes as something of a shock to realize that at this point reasonable projections do not, repeat do not, show anything resembling the runaway deficit crisis that is a staple of almost everything you hear, including supposedly objective news reporting.
So you heard it here first: while you weren’t looking, and the deficit scolds were doing their scolding, the deficit problem (such as it was) was being mostly solved.
Can we now start talking about unemployment?
Every once in a while I either publish an op-ed or make a blog post that induces incoherent rage in a certain number of readers.
What do I mean by “incoherent”?
That the people leaving hostile comments (or, in some cases, phone messages and emails) seem unable even to say what exactly it is that they disagree with.
Oddly, the writings that elicit such responses tend *not* to involve political commentary.
Instead, they’re most often straight economic analysis, based in many cases on perfectly ordinary applications of IS-LM type reasoning.
And so it is that my latest rage-inducer was this innocuous (I thought) post on money-printing versus debt issue.
As best I can tell, what set the ragers off was the suggestion that under current conditions – that is, in a liquidity trap — it really doesn’t matter whether the government covers its deficit by selling debt or just printing money, which is why, among other things, using the platinum coin ploy to sidestep the debt ceiling would be harmless.
(The MMTers showed up, as usual, to insist that debt versus money printing *never* makes a difference; but that’s a different story).
Why is this such an upsetting suggestion?
Well, a significant number of people, well represented among those who tend to haunt comment boards, is firmly committed for whatever reason to the Eek!
Zimbabwe!
view of how the economy works, under which any government that has the temerity to deviate from gold-standard orthodoxy even in a deep slump is condemning its citizens to suffering the wrath of the market gods.
The appeal of this view is, I think, both political and emotional; it goes along with the general view that doing anything to help the less fortunate (especially if it involves taxing the rich) invites disaster, and it also ties in with the desire to believe that you and your friends have the True Knowledge of how economies work.
You can imagine how disturbing such people find liquidity-trap economics.
And as far as I can tell, hardly anyone who started with this view in, say, 2008 has been willing to consider the possibility that four-plus years of very high growth in the monetary base combined with subdued inflation proves them wrong, and actually vindicates the Keynesians.
Instead, they still react to anything challenging their worldview with rage – and especially so if it’s stated calmly and analytically.
I’ve had communications from a number of people asking an interesting question relating to the debt ceiling and other issues: why does the Federal government have to borrow at all?
Why can’t it just print money to pay its bills?
After all, haven’t people like me been saying that this isn’t actually inflationary?
Now, it turns out that there really is a problem, or actually two problems — but they’re a bit subtle.
First, as a legal matter the Federal government can’t just print money to pay its bills, with one peculiar exception.
Instead, money has to be created by the Federal Reserve, which then puts it into circulation by buying Federal debt.
You may say that this is an artificial distinction, because the Fed is effectively part of the government; but legally, the distinction matters, and the debt bought by the Fed counts against the debt ceiling.
The peculiar exception is that clause allowing the Treasury to mint platinum coins in any denomination it chooses.
Of course this was intended as a way to issue commemorative coins and stuff, not as a fiscal measure; but at least as I understand it, the letter of the law would allow Treasury to stamp out a platinum coin, say it’s worth a trillion dollars, and deposit it at the Fed — thereby avoiding the need to issue debt.
In reality, to pursue the thought further, the coin really would be as much a Federal debt as the T-bills the Fed owns, since eventually Treasury would want to buy it back.
So this is all a gimmick — but since the debt ceiling itself is crazy, allowing Congress to tell the president to spend money then tell him that he can’t raise the money he’s supposed to spend, there’s a pretty good case for using whatever gimmicks come to hand.
But leaving the debt ceiling on one side, isn’t it true that since spending can currently be financed by Fed money printing, we shouldn’t care at all about the notional debt owed to the Fed?
Alas, no.
It’s true that printing money isn’t at all inflationary under current conditions — that is, with the economy depressed and interest rates up against the zero lower bound.
But eventually these conditions will end.
At that point, to prevent a sharp rise in inflation the Fed will want to pull back much of the monetary base it created in response to the crisis, which means selling off the Federal debt it bought.
So even though right now that debt is just a claim by one more or less governmental agency on another governmental agency, it will eventually turn into debt held by the public.
We are living in weird economic times, where many of the usual rules don’t apply and there are big free lunches to be had.
But not everything is a free lunch, even now.
Sorry.
To make sense of what just happened, we need to ask what is really at stake, and how much difference the budget deal makes in the larger picture.
So, what are the two sides really fighting about?
Surely the answer is, the future of the welfare state.
Progressives want to maintain the achievements of the New Deal and the Great Society, and also implement and improve Obamacare so that we become a normal advanced country that guarantees essential health care to all its citizens.
The right wants to roll the clock back to 1930, if not to the 19th century.
There are two ways progressives can lose this fight.
One is direct defeat on the question of social insurance, with Congress actually voting to privatize and eventually phase out key programs — or with Democratic politicians themselves giving away their political birthright in the name of a mess of pottage Grand Bargain.
The other is for conservatives to successfully starve the beast — to drive revenue so low through tax cuts that the social insurance programs can’t be sustained.
The good news for progressives is that danger #1 has been averted, at least so far — and not without a lot of anxiety first.
Romney lost, so nothing like the Ryan plan is on the table until President Santorum takes office, or something.
Meanwhile, in 2011 Obama was willing to raise the Medicare age, in 2012 to cut Social Security benefits; but luckily the extremists of the right scuttled both deals.
There are no cuts in benefits in this deal.
The bad news is that the deal falls short on making up for the revenue lost due to the Bush tax cuts.
Here, though, it’s important to put the numbers in perspective.
Obama wasn’t going to let all the Bush tax cuts go away in any case; only the high-end cuts were on the table.
Getting all of those ended would have yielded something like $800 billion; he actually got around $600 billion.
How big a difference does that make?
Well, the CBO estimates cumulative potential GDP over the next decade at $208 trillion.So the difference between what Obama got and what he arguably should have gotten is around 0.1 percent of potential GDP.
That’s not crucial, to say the least.
And on the principle of the thing, you could say that Democrats held their ground on the essentials — no cuts in benefits — while Republicans have just voted for a tax increase for the first time in decades.
So why the bad taste in progressives’ mouths?
It has less to do with where Obama ended up than with how he got there.
He kept drawing lines in the sand, then erasing them and retreating to a new position.
And his evident desire to have a deal before hitting the essentially innocuous fiscal cliff bodes very badly for the confrontation looming in a few weeks over the debt ceiling.
If Obama stands his ground in that confrontation, this deal won’t look bad in retrospect.
If he doesn’t, yesterday will be seen as the day he began throwing away his presidency and the hopes of everyone who supported him.
Yes, it’s early, but I’m fiscally exhausted, and am calling it a day.
No particular reason to post this performance; it’s just that I happened to stumble across this wonderful live version of “Undiscovered First”, which I especially like because the performers seem tired and out of it until they start playing, and then you watch the power of the song take over: The backup singers are a group on their own, Mountain Man; you can hear how good they are in this brief performance:
One of the enduring fantasies of the pundit class – most dramatically demonstrated by the ludicrous Politico piece on What Insiders Know – is that all we need to fix our economic problems is to get the great and the good together and bypass those pesky elected officials.
Business leaders, in particular, are presumed to have the know-how to deal with all the important issues.
But the reality is that the business leaders intervening in our economic debate are, for the most part, either predatory or hopelessly confused (or, I guess, both).
I’d put Fix the Debt in the predatory category; it’s quite clear that the organization (which is yet another Pete Peterson front, this time explicitly dominated by corporate interests) has an agenda more focused on cutting social insurance and corporate taxes than on reducing the deficit per se.
Meanwhile, Howard Schultz, the CEO of Starbucks, exemplifies the hopeless confusion factor.
By all accounts, he’s a good guy, with genuinely generous instincts.
But in his message to employees, urging them to write “come together” on coffee cups, he gets the nature of the fiscal cliff completely wrong.
In fact, he gets it wrong in two fundamental ways.
He writes: As many of you know, our elected officials in Washington D.C. have been unable to come together and compromise to solve the tremendously important, time-sensitive issue to fix the national debt.
OK, first of all, the fiscal cliff is NOT A DEBT PROBLEM.
In fact, it’s the opposite: the danger is that with expiring tax cuts, expiring unemployment benefits, and the sequester, we’ll reduce the deficit too fast.
Deficit scolds are having a hard time reconciling their sudden concern about excessive deficit reduction with everything they were saying before – and evidently Mr. Schultz hasn’t gotten the message that we are now at war with Eastasia, and always have been.
And then, on top of that, he has the politics all wrong, in the characteristic centrist way: he makes it sound as if the problem was one of symmetric partisanship, with both sides refusing to compromise.
The reality is that Obama has moved a huge way both in offering to exempt more high-earner income from tax hikes and in offering to cut Social Security benefits; meanwhile, the GOP not only won’t agree to any kind of tax hike at all, it also has yet to make any specific offer of any kind.
So that’s a double shot of total misunderstanding.
And you could say that there’s yet a third error in Schultz’s message – amongst his errors?
For he sends people, in the name of public-spiritedness, to Fix the Debt – who, as I’ve already pointed out, are not good guys at all.
It’s quite sad, really.
And it’s also an indication that Republican extremism isn’t the only source of our dysfunctional response to economic crisis, that the awesome inability of Very Serious People to come to grips with either political or economic reality is another huge source of our failure.
Something I’ve been meaning to write: get into a discussion of matters fiscal, especially with conservatives, and you’re bound to have somebody declaring that we have a ONE TRILLION DOLLAR deficit, which means that what Americans want from their government is far more than we can pay for, so we must slash the welfare state, etc.. Also, that the hole is so big that taxing the rich can’t possibly make any real difference (although somehow savaging the poor supposedly will).
So I think it’s worth pointing out just how misleading all this is.
Yes, we do have a trillion-dollar deficit.
But a large part of that deficit is attributable to the depressed economy.
Reasonable estimates say that we have an output gap of something like $900 billion a year — yes, some would dispute that, but it’s the estimate I find most convincing.
This automatically raises the budget deficit by depressing revenue and leading to more spending on unemployment insurance and means-tested programs like Medicaid — the CBO doesn’t offer a simple ratio on this, but a survey of their estimates suggests that we’re probably looking at $300 billion or more in automatic stabilizers here.
Then you need to add in non-automatic but nonetheless cyclically-determined things like extended unemployment benefits and the temporary payroll tax cut.
The point is that economic recovery would shrink the budget deficit a lot — almost surely more than $400 billion.
Meanwhile, zero is not the crucial number for the deficit; a much better criterion is the budget balance that would, on a sustained basis, stabilize debt as a percentage of GDP.
Now, debt is currently slightly over 70 percent of GDP; with 2 percent growth and 2 percent inflation, that means that a deficit of almost 3 percent of GDP, say $450 billion, is consistent with a stable debt ratio.
Put these things together, and the real hole in the budget is a lot smaller than a trillion dollars — in fact, there may not be a hole at all.
Now, this doesn’t mean all is well.
For one thing, if and when the economy recovers we really should be trying to reduce the debt ratio, not just keep it stable.
Also, an aging population and rising health care costs mean that under current policy we will have a substantial structural deficit a decade from now, even if we don’t have one currently.
So I don’t want to suggest that there is no deficit issue.
But it’s nothing like the ONE TRILLION DOLLARS that you keep hearing.
Greg Sargent writes: I spoke this morning to an official familiar with the fiscal cliff talks.
He tells me that ever since Republicans rejected the first White House fiscal offer, White House negotiators have been asking Republicans to detail both the spending cuts they want and the loopholes and deductions they would close to raise revenues while avoiding a hike in tax rates for the rich.
According to the official, Republicans continue to refuse to answer.
“No answer ever since the Geithner meeting,” the official said.
“To date they have been unwilling or able to identify a list of specific cuts or changes they would like or a single loophole they are willing to close.” I think everyone has been hearing the same thing.
This is not a negotiation in the normal sense, in which each side makes proposals and they dicker over the details; instead, Republicans are demanding that Obama read their minds and produce a proposal they’ll like.
And Obama won’t do that, for good reason: he knows that they’ll just pronounce themselves unsatisfied with whatever he comes up with, and are indeed very likely to campaign in 2014 attacking him for whatever cuts take place.
But then, should we be surprised?
Remember that all the Republican budget “plans” of recent years — very much including the Ryan plan — have been built largely out of magic asterisks.
Even the one real budget cut they’ve been willing to endorse specifically, savage cuts to Medicaid, involved block-granting and turning it over to states, so that they don’t have to specify who, exactly, will be denied medical care.
And with Obama dead set against that kind of cut, they have nothing.
We are at a strange and dangerous place in American political life.
Both Jonathan Chait and Charles Pierce have a field day with a Politico piece titled, without a hint of irony, Crafting a boom economy.
In said piece they talk to various Very Serious People, and divine the insider consensus on What Must Be Done — which mainly seems to involve, naturally, cutting Social Security and Medicare while reducing corporate tax rates.
What I find remarkable about this piece is that after everything that has happened these past five years or so, Jim VandeHei and Mike Allen still take it for granted that these people actually know what they’re talking about; the whole premise of the article is that the insiders really do have the key, not just to good policy, but to achieving a dramatic rise in the growth rate.
Now, they don’t tell us everyone they talked to; but I think we can safely assume that, with few exceptions, the insiders in question: – Believed that financial deregulation was a great idea, because bankers had really learned to manage risk – Did not believe that there was a housing bubble – Insisted that budget deficits, even in a depressed economy, would send interest rates soaring any day now – Insisted that austerity measures would promote recovery, not hurt it, because of the confidence fairy And on and on.
There are some remarkable economic assertions in here.
That great economist Jeb Bush — yes, Jeb Bush — is quoted as declaring that ending structural deficits would boost the growth rate hugely; this would come as news to any economist I know.
And, um, aren’t our structural deficits largely the result of his brother’s policies?
Or take the blithe assertion that trade liberalization and tax reform would do wonders for growth.
Again, the answers from people who have actually tried to address these issues seriously and put numbers to them are no and no.
The whole theme of the Politico piece is that great things would happen if only the insiders could override all this messy democracy stuff.
But the real lesson is that those insiders are not only self-dealing, but profoundly ignorant and wrong-headed.
It’s too bad that so many journalists still can’t see that.
Obviously I’m getting a lot of reaction to my stuff on robots and all that.
(My copy editor, last night: “Thank God, it’s not about the fiscal cliff!”) My sense is, however, that a lot of the reaction, both positive and negative, involves misunderstanding the economic logic, with some readers believing that technological progress can never hurt workers, others believing that rapid productivity growth always hurts workers; neither is true.
So here’s an attempt to explain what’s going on in the theory; cognoscenti will recognize it as nothing more than an exposition of J.R, Hicks’s analysis of the whole thing in his 1932 Theory of Wages (pdf).
Start with the notion of an aggregate production function, which relates economy-wide output to economy-wide inputs of capital and labor.
Yes, that sort of aggregation does violence to the complexity of reality.
So?
Furthermore, for current purposes, hold the quantity of capital fixed and show how output varies with the quantity of labor.
We expect the relationship to look like the lower curve in this figure (we’ll get to the upper curves in a minute): Now, in a perfectly competitive economy (don’t worry, we’ll talk about what happens if not in a minute), we would expect the labor force to achieve full employment by accepting whatever real wage is consistent with said full employment.
And what is that real wage?
It’s the marginal product of labor at that point — which, graphically, is the slope of the aggregate production function where it crosses the vertical blue line.
Now suppose that we have technological progress.
This manifests itself — indeed, in this context is basically defined as — an upward shift in the production function.
I’ve shown two alternative curves, to make a point.
Technology A and technology B are drawn so as to yield exactly the same level of output at full employment — which also says that both would lead to exactly the same rise in measured labor productivity.
But they don’t have the same effect on real wages!
Technology A is just a proportional upward shift in the original production function — which is “Hicks-neutral” technological change.
As a result, the slope of the function where it crosses the blue line rises by that same proportion: real wages rise by the same amount as productivity.
But technology B is different — the gains are bigger at lower levels of employment, which is to say higher ratios of capital to labor (because the amount of capital is held fixed for this exercise).
As a result, it is much flatter where it crosses the full employment line — which says that it would lead to much lower real wages than technology BA.
In fact, as I’ve drawn it, it leads to lower real wages than under the original technology.
What we’ve just seen, then, is that the effect of technological progress on wages depends on the bias of the progress; if it’s capital-biased, workers won’t share fully in productivity gains, and if it’s strongly enough capital-biased, they can actually be made worse off.
So it’s wrong to assume, as many people on the right seem to, that gains from technology always trickle down to workers; not necessarily.
It’s also wrong to assume, as some (but not all) on the left sometimes seem to — e.g., William Greider — that rapid productivity growth is necessarily jobs- or wage-destroying.
It all depends.
What’s happening right now is that we are seeing a significant shift of income away from labor at the same time that we’re seeing new technologies that look, on a cursory overview, as if they’re capital-biased.
So we could be looking at my technology B story above.
There are, however, other possibilities — including the possibility that the fact that we don’t actually have perfect competition is playing a big role here.
So that’s the story so far.
And it’s important stuff.
Catherine Rampell and Nick Wingfield write about the growing evidence for “reshoring” of manufacturing to the United States.
They cite several reasons: rising wages in Asia; lower energy costs here; higher transportation costs.
In a followup piece, however, Rampell cites another factor: robots.
The most valuable part of each computer, a motherboard loaded with microprocessors and memory, is already largely made with robots, according to my colleague Quentin Hardy.
People do things like fitting in batteries and snapping on screens.
As more robots are built, largely by other robots, “assembly can be done here as well as anywhere else,” said Rob Enderle, an analyst based in San Jose, Calif., who has been following the computer electronics industry for a quarter-century.
“That will replace most of the workers, though you will need a few people to manage the robots.” Robots mean that labor costs don’t matter much, so you might as well locate in advanced countries with large markets and good infrastructure (which may soon not include us, but that’s another issue).
On the other hand, it’s not good news for workers!
This is an old concern in economics; it’s “capital-biased technological change”, which tends to shift the distribution of income away from workers to the owners of capital.
Twenty years ago, when I was writing about globalization and inequality, capital bias didn’t look like a big issue; the major changes in income distribution had been among workers (when you include hedge fund managers and CEOs among the workers), rather than between labor and capital.
So the academic literature focused almost exclusively on “skill bias”, supposedly explaining the rising college premium.
But the college premium hasn’t risen for a while.
What has happened, on the other hand, is a notable shift in income away from labor: If this is the wave of the future, it makes nonsense of just about all the conventional wisdom on reducing inequality.
Better education won’t do much to reduce inequality if the big rewards simply go to those with the most assets.
Creating an “opportunity society”, or whatever it is the likes of Paul Ryan etc.
are selling this week, won’t do much if the most important asset you can have in life is, well, lots of assets inherited from your parents.
And so on.
I think our eyes have been averted from the capital/labor dimension of inequality, for several reasons.
It didn’t seem crucial back in the 1990s, and not enough people (me included!)
have looked up to notice that things have changed.
It has echoes of old-fashioned Marxism — which shouldn’t be a reason to ignore facts, but too often is.
And it has really uncomfortable implications.
But I think we’d better start paying attention to those implications.
Or, as the late James Tobin used to say, it takes a lot of Harberger triangles to fill an Okun gap.
Dean Baker catches David Ignatius suggesting that trade liberalization can provide enough economic boost to offset the effects of austerity.
As Dean says, the arithmetic is totally off — almost two orders of magnitude off.
The truth is that using any conventional economic model, the costs from current levels of protectionism are very small as a share of GDP.
To some extent that reflects the success of decades of trade liberalization: there just isn’t that much protection any more.
But it’s a more general observation that even bad microeconomic policies, which lead to substantial distortions in the use of resources, have a hard time doing remotely as much damage as a severe economic slump, which doesn’t misallocate resources — it simply wastes them.
Which is the point of that Tobin quote.
Right now the U.S. economy is operating something like 6 percent below capacity.
You would be hard-pressed to find any microeconomic distortion that comes anywhere close to doing that much damage, or even a tenth that much damage.
The one place that might qualify is health care, where we surely do waste several points of GDP.
But the problem with health care in America isn’t that we don’t let the free market work, it is that we have a semi-private system in a sector where free markets can’t work.
Two more things — and back to Ignatius.
First, there’s an especially strong tendency to mythologize the power of free trade.
Not that open world markets are a bad thing; they’re definitely a force for good, especially for small, poor countries.
But my experience is that the less somebody knows about international trade, the more likely he or she is to imagine that modest moves toward or away from protectionism will have huge effects.
Trade economists, who have actually worked with the models, have a much less grandiose view.
Second, even to the extent that trade liberalization would raise the efficiency of the world economy, it is not, repeat not, a route to overall job creation.
Yes, everyone would export more; they would also import more.
There is no reason at all to assume that the jobs gained from export creation would exceed the jobs lost to import competition.
Globalization is not the answer to the Lesser Depression.
In his interview with the Wall Street Journal, Mitch McConnell finally mentioned a few sort-of specifics about what spending cuts the GOP wants: raising the Medicare age, charging higher premiums to affluent Medicare recipients, and changing the price indexing of Social Security.
But how much does all this amount to?
I’ve already noted that the CBO has estimated the fiscal savings from raising the Medicare age at $113 billion over the next decade.
A study of health care options (pdf) from a few years ago put the savings from expanded premiums at $20 billion (Option 91) – that number would be somewhat higher now, but still small.
I haven’t found a 10-year estimate of the Social Security indexing idea, but we can roll our own.
The idea is to replace the CPI with a “chained” measure that typically rises about 0.3 percentage points less per year.
Apply this to the CBO projections of Social Security spending under current policy and I get 10-year savings of $186 billion.
So, if we take all of McConnell’s ideas together, we get a bit more than $300 billion.
Getting this would, by the way, impose substantial hardship – seniors would be forced into inferior private insurance, and there are good reasons to believe that the true inflation rate facing seniors is actually higher, not lower, than the CPI.
Still, what we’re looking at overall is a saving equal to only about one-fifth of what Obama is proposing to raise by higher taxes.
And that’s it; has anyone heard even a peep from the GOP about what else they’d like to cut?
This is pathetic – and these people are definitely not serious.
Just a thought: if you follow the pundit discussion of matters fiscal, you get the definite impression that some kinds of deficit reduction are considered “serious”, while others are not.
In particular, the Obama administration’s call for higher revenue through increased taxes on high incomes — which actually goes considerably beyond just letting the Bush tax cuts for the top end expire — gets treated with an unmistakable sneer in much political discussion, as if it were a trivial thing, more about staking out a populist position than it is about getting real on red ink.
On the other hand, the idea of raising the age of Medicare eligibility gets very respectful treatment — now that’s serious.
So I thought I’d look at the dollars and cents — and even I am somewhat shocked.
Those tax hikes would raise $1.6 trillion over the next decade; according to the CBO, raising the Medicare age would save $113 billion in federal funds over the next decade.
So, the non-serious proposal would reduce the deficit 14 times as much as the serious proposal.
I guess we have to understand the definition of serious: a proposal is only serious if it punishes the poor and the middle class.
Sorry about radio silence — real life intruded.
Also, working on longer-term projects; including one that had me looking at a pretty big puzzle that isn’t getting much attention, namely, what is going on with Italy.
Italy is often grouped with Greece, Spain, etc.
in discussions of the euro crisis.
Yet its story is quite different.
There were no massive capital inflows; debt is high, but deficits aren’t.
The most striking thing about Italy is a remarkably dismal productivity performance since the mid to late 1990s.
Here’s a comparison of Italian with French productivity, as measured by output per worjer, from the Total Economy Database: I’ve been reading many attempts to explain what happened; while there’s a lot of interesting stuff about everything from regulation to firm size to export mix, I really don’t see anything that feels like a slam dunk.
And no, it’s not just a too-big welfare state — France’s welfare state is even bigger.
I’m not going to answer this; truly, I don’t know.
But it’s important.
Well, I’ve been told that thanks to the other family members present, my presence in the kitchen is not required, in fact is strongly discouraged.
So, some odds and ends relating to previous posts.
On the role of international competition or the lack thereof in making decent wages possible: This stuff is my home field; it’s an area where I really, really know what I’m talking about.
Here’s an old essay I wrote on the impact of Asia’s rise on the US, which is just the flip side of the alleged gains from a ruined Europe.
The numbers have changed over the past 18 years; in particular, trade with low-wage countries is now much bigger, so that the distributional stories have more force.
But the basics are there.
Oh, and this whole subject illustrates the importance of actually having a model — a story that describes what people do and how they interact — when you discuss economic issues, as opposed to just spouting off plausible-sounding rhetoric.
On the age of the Earth: I originally learned about all this from John McPhee, and it turns out that a lovely discussion of Hutton and all that is available online (pdf).
On the great Republican polling debacle: Dan Senor says that it was a “systemic problem” with polling.
Except that if you actually did any kind of simple poll averaging, you got the race right.
Senor does admit that the problem may have been more acute on the right-wing side, but then says that it wasn’t just on that side, because Rasmussen got it wrong.
May I say that not considering Rasmussen to be “on the Republican side” tells you everything you need to know about the GOP’s analytical capacity, right there?
And you know what does illustrate a systemic problem?
The fact that Senor, whose main claim to fame is his disastrous role as PR flack for the catastrophic Iraq occupation, is somehow considered an expert on something within his party.
Now, back to the big bird.
Ryan Chittum has a great piece about CNBC’s decision to drop even the pretense of journalistic objectivity and throw its weight behind the deficit scolds.
Basically, the network has gone all in on behalf of the 0.01 percent.
One question Chittum doesn’t really get at, however, is why CNBC takes this tilt — why, in fact, it has been so dominated by the fake deficit hawk faction, the people who say that the debt is terrible, terrible, and that’s why we have to cut taxes on the rich.
After all, the network’s audience does not consists mainly of the very rich; rather, it’s the 1 percent wannabees, who imagine that watching many hours of talking heads will somehow let them absorb the secrets of getting rich.
Now, one possible answer is that we’re looking at what the sponsors rather than the viewers want.
But I don’t think that’s the main story; if there really were millions of people eager to get business news with a Keynesian flavor, my guess is that Wall Street would swallow its revulsion and buy ads all the same.
No, this is what the audience wants.
And it’s what they want even though the Austerian stuff the network peddles has been wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong (have some fun with Chittum’s hyperlinks on Larry Kudlow).
Never mind that the Keynesians have been right about interest rates, inflation, austerity, and more; the audience wants to hear about the debt crisis and hyperinflation coming any day now unless we cut taxes on the rich, or something.
Actually, you see a lot of that in the comment threads whenever Joe Weisenthal says something reasonable about macroeconomics; what you see isn’t just disagreement, it’s blind, spluttering rage.
It is, I believe, a tribal identity thing; the consumers of business news want to see themselves as part of the economic elite, although they mostly aren’t.
And Chris Mooney wins again: we’re talking about personality types who aren’t responsive to evidence.
Indeed, the more often you show them that their hard-money, anti-spending prejudices have been proved wrong, the more deeply those prejudices become entrenched.
So what’s the moral of the story?
Maybe it’s this: don’t spend much time watching CNBC.
It’s bad for your financial and intellectual health.
One thing that kind of tickles me about Marco Rubio’s age of the planet stuff is that it leads right to one of my favorite examples of science — the founding of modern geology by James Hutton, part of the Scottish Enlightenment.
(Another figure in that Enlightenment, David Hume, created what I consider the first true economic model.
Hume also wrote some philosophy, I hear — and was friends with a guy named Adam Smith).
Hutton was, for a time, a farmer — and in that occupation, observing the process of erosion and the laying down of deposits of various materials, he realized that the landscape he saw around him could be explained by the same forces operating over immense periods of time, as long as you posited that there were other forces uplifting ancient sediments to form today’s geological features.
How could he know whether this theory was right?
He made predictions; in particular, that in places you would find “angular uncomformities”, striated bodies of sedimentary rocks from different eras that were tilted relative to each other.
And sure enough, as this photo from Wikipedia Commons shows, he found them: And once you accepted that the landscape we see was created by the same processes we see every day, you also had to accept the notion of a very ancient planet.
Why do I like this story so much?
I think because it’s science of a kind everyone should be able to understand; it doesn’t rely on exotic instruments or hard math (not that there’s anything wrong with either of these), it just relies on keen observation and an open mind.
Too bad that such open minds are so rare in America today, at least on one side of the spectrum.
Whenever I point out how well America did with strong unions and highly progressive taxation after World War II, I can count on conservatives trying to resolve their cognitive dissonance by saying “but it was easy then — all our competitors were in ruins!” You can see this all over the comments on today’s column.
Sorry, guys, but that’s bad history and very bad economics.
On the history: the great postwar boom wasn’t just a few years after the war; it was a whole generation long, from 1947 to 1973 — well into an era in which Europe had very much recovered.
Here’s West German GDP per capita as a share of US GDP per capita: The Europe-in-ruins era was long over while the US boom was still going strong.
But the bad history is incidental; the really key point is that this is nonsense economics.
Yes, our competitors were in ruins for a while; so were our customers (who were more or less the same countries).
Basically, we had nobody to trade with.
Here’s exports and imports as a percentage of US GDP: There’s a brief surge in exports in the late 1940s; that’s the Marshall Plan.
But through the 50s and 60s America essentially did very little trade, exports or imports.
If you think that’s good for the economy, you should be all for extreme protectionism.
Actually, there’s a substantial trade theory literature on the effect of other countries’ growth on our income and purchasing power, which says that it can go either way — more competition, but also bigger markets, with the net effect depending on how it affects our terms of trade, the ratio of export to import prices.
There’s a slight presumption of positive effects from foreign growth, which becomes a much stronger presumption if the foreign economies start very small — which is exactly the situation after World War II.
So the whole notion that we had it easy because Europe was destroyed is just ignorant.
And anyone who reflexively reaches for the idea that we were actually better off because Europe was in ruins as a way to explain the postwar economy should take a hard look in the mirror.
Did you think this through?
Or were you just grabbing for something, anything, to explain away a fact that your ideology says can’t have been true?
So now that the Unperson/Ryan ticket has lost, Republicans are clearly expecting Paul Ryan to move right back into his previous role as Washington’s favorite Serious, Honest Conservative.
He might get away with it; but I hope not.
The fact is that Ryan is and always was a fraud.
His plan never added up; it was never, contrary to what people who should know better asserted, “scored” by the CBO.
What he actually offered was a plan to hurt the poor and reward the rich, actually increasing the deficit along the way, plus magic asterisks that supposedly reduced the debt by means unspecified.
His genius, if you can all it that, was in realizing that there was a role — as I said, that of Honest, Serious Conservative — that self-proclaimed centrists desperately wanted to see filled, so that they could demonstrate their bipartisanship by lavishing praise on the holder of that position.
So Ryan did his best to impersonate a budget wonk.
It wasn’t a very good impersonation — in fact, he’s pretty bad at budget math.
But the “centrists” saw what they wanted to see.
Ryan can’t be ignored, since his party does retain blocking power, and he chairs an important committee.
But if he must be dealt with, it should be with no illusions.
Fool me once …
Ryan Avent reminds us just how poor economic performance has been since the crisis, all across the advanced world: As John Quiggin has been emphasizing, this across-the-board poor performance puts the lie to claims that it’s all because of that scary Obama person; in fact, the US has done better than the rest, although still quite badly — this is indeed a race between the halt and the lame.
(You want to be careful about the Japan comparison, by the way: given Japan’s special demography, with the working-age population actually shrinking at a fairly rapid pace, it’s not really doing any worse than the euro area and in fact is arguably doing better).
What accounts for the differences?
The most obvious culprit is austerity, which has been much more marked in Europe and the UK than in the US.
Here’s the IMF’s estimate of the cyclically-adjusted primary balance — what the budget balance excluding interest payments would be if the economy were operating at full employment.
Europe and the UK have fully reversed any stimulus introduced during the crisis; America has not: You can always try to argue that this has nothing to do with the results we see.
But since textbook macroeconomics says that contractionary fiscal policy is contractionary; since those of us who went with the theory rather than the confidence fairy said it would be contractionary; and sure enough, the areas pursuing austerity have done badly; the case for a connection is pretty strong.
And this means that much of the advanced world blithely repeated the mistakes of the 1930s.
Josh Marshall is having an interesting discussion — partly with his readers, but also with himself — about the Great Republican Polling Debacle.
It seems hard to believe even now, but all the stories indicate that the whole GOP went into last Tuesday in a state of complete delusion.
It wasn’t just the Fox News viewers; it wasn’t just the Romney people; the whole party, base and establishment both, believed that it knew a truth hidden from almost every nonpartisan polling outfit, and that a big victory was virtually assured.
As Josh’s readers say, at one level this makes perfect sense.
The modern GOP is very much into denial of inconvenient truths, whether those inconvenient truths involve climate change or macroeconomics.
Why shouldn’t we expect a party that still believes in supply-side economics after the Clinton boom and the Bush bust to engage in voodoo polling too?
And yet Republicans retained for a long time a fearsome reputation for political prowess.
How can these be reconciled?
I know that I’m not alone in believing that a large part of the answer is that they were never actually that good; they were just lucky.
Remember, Karl Rove almost blew the 2000 election by wasting time on a triumphal tour — and Al Gore would have been elected with ease if it weren’t for hanging chads, felon purges, and a partisan Supreme Court.
With one exception, the GOP lost the popular vote in every presidential election since 1988.
And 2004 was a “khaki election”, driven by war talk — better yet for the GOP, an election driven by talk of the “war on terror”, where voters had no way of telling how things were going other than the Bush administration’s own boasts of victory.
Suppose 9/11 hadn’t happened.
I think you can make a good case that Republicans would have lost Congress in 2002 and the White House in 2004, and nobody would ever have talked about the permanent Republican majority and all that.
The big question, however, is 2010 — which will have a long legacy, because it gave Republican state houses the chance to gerrymander in a major advantage in the House.
My guess is that it was a very contingent event: bad luck for Obama on the business cycle, compounded by his own team’s mistakes, plus a weirdly ineffective defense of health reform.
But I’m sure we’ll have a lot more serious analysis in the months to come.
I’ve been in several conversations over the past few days with generally reasonable people who are still worried that markets might turn on U.S. bonds any day now.
I don’t think they’re right; but even if they are, I’m not clear what they believe would happen next.
For the fact is that it’s much harder than most people seem to imagine to tell a Greece-type story about a country with its own currency and a floating exchange rate.
And since I was stuck on an airplane, I thought I might write up a very simple, old-fashioned model (pdf) making that point.
Brad DeLong and others are having a lot of good clean fun ridiculing pundits who insisted, to the last, that their psychic guts perceived truths invisible to pollsters.
And who knows?
This ridicule may even serve a social purpose, making news organizations a bit less likely to treat these pundits as fonts of wisdom.
But I think there’s something else that needs discussing.
The rejection of polling evidence wasn’t just a matter of wishful thinking on the right; it was accompanied by intense rage.
(Just look at my comment thread here, which now stands as a sort of historical marker of the lunacy of the campaign’s closing days — and you should have seen the stuff that didn’t make it through moderation!)
On the face of it, this makes no sense.
The election was going to happen, and somebody was going to win.
Why lash out so bitterly at people who you claimed to think would be revealed as fools in just a couple of days?
I’ll try to present some more coherent thoughts on a later occasion, but here’s my quick take: what we’ve just seen is a peek into the modern right-wing psyche, which is obsessed — more than anything else — with power.
Policy is one thing; but equally or even more important is the sense of being with the winners, of being part of the team that will stamp its boots on the faces of the other guys.
And while conservatives of that ilk would probably concede if pressed on it that there’s a difference between the perception of being on top and the reality determined in an election, emotionally they can’t separate the two: they perceive anyone suggesting that maybe they aren’t going to smash their opponents as a threat.
And we’re not just talking about teenagers blogging in their pajamas; look at Karl Rove’s temper tantrum on Fox.
I’m tempted to say that all the people who went wild over skewed polls, Nate Silver is evil, and so on need to seek counseling.
But if I were to say that, this would even drive them crazier.
So I won’t.
Oh, wait.
Some readers have been asking me to reply to Casey Mulligan’s latest attack on my recent book.
Um, no.
Life is short, and if I spent my time responding to every attack on yours truly — or indeed, every thing Mulligan himself writes that I consider foolish — I would have no time to do anything else.
So let me just outsource this to John Quiggin.
Now, Quiggin’s post takes on both Mulligan’s specifics and the broader claim that increased use of the social safety net is a cause rather than a result of the depressed economy.
As one of his commenters points out, this amounts to the claim that soup kitchens caused the Great Depression.
Quiggin does an admirable job of refuting this claim.
I would, however, add one more point.
If you really believe that the problem is that excessive generosity to the downtrodden is reducing the incentive to work, so that what we really have is a supply problem rather than a demand problem, you should expect to see upward pressure on wages.
What we actually see: Oh, and feel the hyperinflation.
Today’s Financial Times bears a banner headline on p.1: “US election hangs on a knife edge”.
Aside from everything else, surely this gets the cliche wrong: you rest on a knife edge, don’t you?
If you try to hang on one, I think you just cut off your fingers.
More important, though, this headline deeply misleads readers about the state of the race — and in so doing, it echoes a lot of political reporting right now.
Quite simply, many of the “analysis” articles being published in these final days leave readers worse informed than they were before reading.
As Nate Silver (who has lately attracted a remarkable amount of hate — welcome to my world, Nate!)
clearly explains, state polling currently points overwhelmingly to an Obama victory.
It’s possible that the polls are systematically biased — and this bias has to encompass almost all the polls, since even Rasmussen is now showing Ohio tied.
So Romney might yet win.
But a knife-edge this really isn’t, and any reporting suggesting that it is makes you stupider.
Worse yet, some reporting tells readers things the reporters have to know aren’t true.
How many stories have you seen declaring that “both sides think they’re winning”?
No, they don’t: the Romney campaign is visibly flailing, trying desperately to find new fronts on which to attack Obama.
They clearly know that it will take a miracle — sorry, a last-minute surge — to prevail on Tuesday.
It’s OK, I guess, to report campaign spin; but surely it’s not OK to report campaign spin as the truth, which is what these stories are doing.
Again, as Nate says, it’s definitely possible that the polls are systematically wrong.
The obvious ways they could go wrong, cell phones and Latinos, favor Obama rather than Romney; but maybe pollsters are overcompensating for these factors, or maybe there’s a large Bradley effect distorting poll responses.
Reporting about these possibilities would be interesting.
But reporting that suggests that this is a too-close-to-call race doesn’t get at any of this; it’s just lazy, and a disservice to readers.
Regular readers will have noted limited blogging.
Why?
Post-Sandy logistics.
We’re in better shape than David Pogue: after Irene we installed a natural-gas-fired generator that serves part of the house (and gives us hot water!).
But our regular internet connection is gone for the foreseeable future: the trees not only fell across all the lines, power and phone both, but twisted as they fell, so the lines are wrapped around trees like spaghetti around a fork.
So what I have is 4G — and our house has always been in a dead zone for cell service.
Sometimes it works (using my iPad, which essentially has a bigger antenna, as a hotspot), sometimes it doesn’t.
So regular blogging is not going to happen for a while.
Oh, and there has been real life too: relatives to check up on — in one case to take to the hospital, etc.
The routine may improve a bit as more of Princeton comes back to life — and I’m well aware just how lucky we are compared to many others.
But now you know.
Some readers may know that for a long time Robin and I have had two sibling cats, Albert Einstein and Doris Lessing, both 19.
Well, Doris — who had a lot of health problems over the years, but always managed to hold up — has had a tumor on her liver for several months.
We babied her along, getting her to eat by feeding her special treats, and she held up much longer than the vet expected.
But several days ago she stopped eating and drinking, seeming increasingly uncomfortable, and this morning we did the necessary and had her put to sleep.
I bawled like a baby.
But she had a good life.
People have been asking me for a while to respond to John Taylor’s claim that financial-crisis-induced recessions aren’t characterized by slow recovery.
It’s a very convenient claim for Romney/Ryan, of course, because if true it eliminates the best excuse for lackluster performance under Obama.
Well, Reinhart and Rogoff, who literally wrote the book on crises and their aftermath, have weighed in, and they’re not happy.
They have two main complaints, both of which are completely valid.
The first is that looking at the rate of recovery from the trough is a very peculiar criterion — especially when, as Taylor does, you look only at the first year (!)
of recovery.
By this standard, the New Deal was a tremendous success story, because growth was fast in 1933-4.
Never mind the fact that pre-crisis per capita GDP wasn’t restored for more than a decade.
As R-R say, surely the relevant comparison is with the pre-crisis peak, especially given the fact that post-crisis economies often suffer periods of relapse (as is happening in Europe now).
The second is that Taylor is awfully free in designating recessions as the result of financial crisis.
He counts 1973 and 1981 as financial crises, to which the only answer if you know your history is, what on earth is he talking about?
These were both disinflation recessions, caused more or less deliberately by the Fed; the Fed pushed interest rates very high to calm prices, and a V-shaped recovery took place once the Fed decided we had suffered enough.
This isn’t hindsight: the contrast between those kinds of recessions and the slump following the bursting of a housing bubble was the reason many of us predicted a long, slow recovery well in advance.
(It’s been even slower than I predicted back then, but in early 2008 I didn’t realize how bad the debt overhang was).
Call this another example of how politicization is hurting economics.
The proposition that financial crises change macroeconomic outcomes is surely one of the big things we’ve learned in recent years.
Yet here we have well-known economists refusing to listen and throwing out misleading studies, which just happen to be convenient politically.
And now for something completely different (and fun): The Folio Society has just issued a deluxe new edition of Isaac Asimov’s Foundation trilogy.
And they picked an unusual person to write the introduction (pdf).
Jonathan Portes and Simon Wren-Lewis have further thoughts on the new IMF report, with its concession that the adverse effect of austerity has been much worse than expected; both make points I should have stressed.
As Portes emphasizes, back in 2010, as advanced economies “pivoted” to austerity despite protests from yours truly and others, there were really not two but three positions about the relevant macroeconomics.
It wasn’t just a contrast between the wishful thinking of the expansionary austerity types and those who didn’t buy it.
There was also a distinction between those who looked at the historical record and concluded that fiscal contraction would have only modest contractionary effects, and those — including Martin Wolf, Wren-Lewis, Brad DeLong, and me — who argued that historical experience from countries that were not up against the zero lower bound, had flexible exchange rates, and were pursuing austerity amidst a strong global economy was likely to greatly understate the effects of austerity in the current environment.
Our position was, if you like, that times like this are different.
And as Wren-Lewis points out, this was in a way a case of giving theory priority over evidence.
You need to be careful here: the theoretical framework we used to make this dire prediction — basically some form of IS-LM or successor model (which includes New Keynesian approaches) — was consistent with the evidence.
I don’t think any of us would have gone with the theory if budget deficits had in fact caused interest rates to soar in 2009-2010, or if expansion of the monetary base had caused an inflationary explosion.
But the analytical framework was essential to the conclusion that the experience of countries not in a liquidity trap was a poor guide to what would happen under current conditions.
At some level, then, the vindication of this position is also a vindication for the whole enterprise of Keynes/Hicks macroeconomic theory, which does indeed, done right, turn out to yield crucial insights that naive empiricism would miss.
The sad thing, of course, is that so much even of the economics profession has turned its back on the very stuff that has turned out to be useful in this crisis.
Brad DeLong takes on Nick Rowe over this bizarrely confused issue; in a moment I’ll try to offer a new way of explaining why the conventional presentation is all wrong.
First, however, let me suggest that the phrasing in terms of “future generations” can easily become a trap.
It’s quite possible that debt can raise the consumption of one generation and reduce the consumption of the next generation during the period when members of both generations are still alive.
Suppose that after the 2016 election President Santorum tries to buy senior support by giving every American over 65 a gift of newly printed government bonds; then the over-65 generation will be made richer, and everyone under 65 will be made poorer (duh).
But that’s not what people mean when they speak about the burden of the debt on future generations; what they mean is that America as a whole will be poorer, just as a family that runs up debt is poorer thereafter.
Does this make any sense?
Well, let’s do a thought experiment that doesn’t, at least initially, seem to have anything to do with debt.
Suppose that instead of gifting seniors with debt, President Santorum passes a constitutional amendment requiring that from now on, each American whose name begins with the letters A through K will receive $5,000 a year from the federal government, with the money to be raised through extra taxes.
Does this make America as a whole poorer?
The obvious answer is not, at least not in any direct sense.
We’re just making a transfer from one group (the L through Zs) to another; total income isn’t changed.
Now, you could argue that there are indirect costs because raising taxes distorts incentives.
But that’s a very different story.
OK, you can see what’s coming: a debt inherited from the past is, in effect, simply a rule requiring that one group of people — the people who didn’t inherit bonds from their parents — make a transfer to another group, the people who did.
It has distributional effects, but it does not in any direct sense make the country poorer.
Really, this isn’t complicated — and the fact that everyone in public life gets it wrong doesn’t change the logic.
Econowonks are still buzzing about the new IMF World Economic Outlook, which offered grim warnings about the world economy, and also argued forcefully if discreetly that a big reason for the worsening outlook is that policy makers have gotten the basic economics wrong.
Of particular interest is the discussion in Chapter 1 (pdf) on fiscal multipliers.
I and others have been arguing for a while that the experience of austerity in the eurozone clearly suggests pretty big Keynesian effects.
Here, for example, is what a scatterplot of fiscal consolidation (from the IMF Fiscal Monitor) and growth (including an estimate for next year, from the World Economic Outlook) looks like: But, you might object, maybe the causation runs the other way; maybe countries in trouble are forced into fiscal consolidation, so it’s not the austerity what did it.
But the IMF has an answer to that: it looks at forecast errors versus austerity.
Part of the reason for doing this is to figure out why things are going so much worse than expected; but there’s also the fact that the forecasts already included the known problems of the economies in question, so that you’re more or less getting an estimate of the impact of austerity over and above the known problems (and the initially assumed effect of austerity, which was supposed to be small).
It looks like this: As it says, this indicates that the contractionary effects of fiscal consolidation are substantially bigger than policy makers were assuming.
So one thing I haven’t seen pointed out is that this directly contradicts current GOP doctrine.
To the extent that the GOP has a theory of recession-fighting, other than the view that the animal spirits of job creators will soar once that evil Obama is gone, it was embodied in the Joint Economic Committee manifesto Spend Less, Owe Less, Grow the Economy (pdf), which declared that In the short term, fiscal consolidation programs that rely predominately or entirely on spending reductions have expansionary “non-Keynesian” effects that may offset the contractionary Keynesian reduction in aggregate demand.
– In some cases, “non-Keynesian” effects may be strong enough to make fiscal consolidation programs expansionary in the short term.
Tell that to the Greeks.
The reality is that everything that has happened economically since the turn away from stimulus to austerity, from interest rates to inflation to output, has refuted the doctrine the GOP is pushing.
Since there has of course been no concession of error, this does not bode well for the US economy if Romney wins.
These days everyone knows that the unemployment rate is a problematic measure, because it can fall not because more people are working but simply because fewer people are looking for work.
(This isn’t what happened in September, but it has been an issue in the recent past).
An alternative is therefore to count employment rather than unemployment; one simple measure is the employment-population ratio, which suggests no improvement for years: But this measure too has problems; it’s the fraction of people 16 and over at work, which means that the denominator includes a rapidly growing number of seniors, who presumably don’t want to keep working.
How can we correct for this demographic bias?
One answer, which I’ve used before, is to focus on prime-age adults, between 25 and 54; Calculated Risk did this yesterday, and pointed out that there has been some real improvement over the past year.
This is a good quick-and-dirty approach.
But it can lead to (false) accusations of cherry-picking, and it also throws out information.
So here’s an arguably better measure: constant-demography employment, which shows what would have happened to the employment-population ratio if the age structure of the population had stayed constant.
For my calculation, I’ve divided the population into three age groups, 16-24, 25-54, and 55 plus, for which employment-population ratios are available in the BLS databases.
(Scroll down and use the one-screen data search).
I’ve then taken a weighted average of these ratios, where the weights are the 2007 shares of each group in the civilian noninstitutional population.
And here’s what you get: Aha.
So there is real if modest improvement over the past year.
Also, the September numbers looks not like an aberration but like a return to trend from what looks like noise in the data over the previous couple of months.
This story is, by the way, broadly consistent with the payroll data, from a different survey, which also suggest employment growing somewhat faster than population.
So contra Romney, this is a real recovery.
Modest, but real.
Unless, of course, you believe that there’s a conspiracy of socialist statisticians …
And now for something completely different — actually just a quick note.
The always interesting Izabella Kaminska points us to a study suggesting that Britain’s output gap — the difference between real GDP and the economy’s capacity — is much bigger than the official estimates.
This is actually a theme I’ve heard from a number of people.
Why might we think this?
The official estimates assume that Britain’s productive capacity — not just the actual level of output, but the economy’s potential — took a huge hit from the financial crisis.
It’s never been clear why this should be so.
And here’s the thing: if British capacity is a lot bigger than estimated, everything people say about fiscal policy, in particular, is wrong.
The structural budget deficit is much smaller than claimed, as is the need for adjustment.
The case for austerity is also weaker, and the costs of austerity in keeping the economy depressed are much larger.
More about this when I have time, maybe later today.
Greg Ip, in correspondence, directs me to Chapter 3 of the latest IMF World Economic Outlook, which among other things contains an analysis of a case that bears directly on the attempts of euro area countries to restore economic health through fiscal austerity and internal devaluation: Britain’s return to the gold standard after World War I.
As the report says, Britain demonstrated a fairly awesome commitment to austerity: To achieve its objectives the U.K. government implemented a policy mix of severe fiscal austerity and tight monetary policy.
The primary surplus was kept near 7 percent of GDP throughout the 1920s.This was accomplished through large expenditure decreases, courtesy of the “Geddes axe,” and a continuation of the higher tax levels introduced during the war.
On the monetary front, the Bank of England raised interest rates to 7 percent in 1920 to support the return to the prewar parity, which—coupled with the ensuing deflation—delivered extraordinarily high real rates.
Sad to say, however, the confidence fairy never arrived.
Britain suffered prolonged economic stagnation even before the onset of the Great Depression: And it didn’t even succeed in reducing the debt/GDP ratio, because deflation and slow growth outweighed the effects of austerity.
Not a good omen for Europe.
So, I’m in jet lag city, which means that it’s time for a euro update.
(I’ve been pretty focused on the US election, since it is, after all, my country; but still keeping an eye on the other side of the pond).
The basic story of the euro crisis remains the same: it’s essentially a balance of payments crisis, misinterpreted as a fiscal crisis, and the key question is whether internal devaluation is really workable.
What?
OK: the roots of the euro crisis lie not in government profligacy but in huge capital flows from the core (mainly Germany) to the periphery during the good years.
These capital flows fueled a peripheral boom, and sharply rising wages and prices in the GIPSI countries relative to Germany: Then the music stopped.
The combination of deeply depressed peripheral economies (which meant surging budget deficits) and fears of a euro crackup turned this into an attack on peripheral-government bonds.
But the root remains the balance of payments/cost problem.
And any resolution must involve getting costs and prices back in line.
This is the context in which you have to see Mario Draghi’s actions.
Twice now — first with the LTRO last fall, then with the plan to buy sovereign debt, he has stepped in to limit runaway bond yields, short-circuiting a possible financial “death spiral” of falling bond prices, collapsing banks, and high-speed capital flight.
Here are bond yields (monthly averages, with the most recent data standing in for September): Good for him.
But you still need “internal devaluation”: a sharp fall in costs and prices relative to the core.
And that’s a slow, painful process.
Where does austerity fit in to this story?
Mostly it doesn’t.
Shaving an extra couple of points off the structural deficit will make very little difference to long-run solvency, nor will it do much to accelerate the pace of internal devaluation.
It will, however, depress employment even further and inflict a lot of direct suffering too through cuts in social programs.
Why do it, then?
Partly it’s because Europe is still operating on the false theory that this is essentially a fiscal issue; partly it’s to assuage the Germans, who remain convinced that those lazy Southern Europeans are getting away with something.
In effect, the policy is to inflict pain for the sake of inflicting pain.
Which brings us to the question: can this go on?
When do the people of the afflicted economies say that they can bear no more?
The news from Spain, with vast protests and talk of secession, suggests that this moment may be approaching fast.
Also, while Greece has long since ceased to be the epicenter, things seem to be breaking down there too.
I really do think Draghi has done very well.
But he can’t make internal devaluation work on his own, and he can’t save Europe if its leaders continue to think that gratuitous infliction of pain is sound policy.
I’ve coined a few successful turns of phrase over the years, but none, I think, as successful as the confidence fairy — a term I used to refer to the belief that things like austerity in the face of depression would actually be expansionary, because of … CONFIDENCE.
In its original usage, the phrase was aimed at people like Jean-Claude Trichet, who preached the wonders of expansionary austerity.
But reading Matt O’Brien on Romney’s Boca Moment, I suddenly realized that it has a domestic application too.
As O’Brien notes, here’s how Romney described his economic strategy: If it looks like I’m going to win, the markets will be happy.
If it looks like the president’s going to win, the markets should not be terribly happy.
It depends of course which markets you’re talking about, which types of commodities and so forth, but my own view is that if we win on November 6th, there will be a great deal of optimism about the future of this country.
We’ll see capital come back and we’ll see — without actually doing anything — we’ll actually get a boost in the economy.
[Emphasis added] In effect, Romney was saying, “I am the confidence fairy!” So, how’s it going?
The perceived odds of a Romney win have dropped sharply in the past few weeks: So has the stock market tanked?
Well, no — sort of the opposite: Hmm.
So maybe Romney can’t revive the economy just through his personal awesomeness?
Aha.
It seems that many people don’t realize that the view that the Fed is the only thing holding down interest rates has been tested — and failed.
So, a bit more.
The big test came from QE2, a program of large-scale Fed purchases of long-term government debt that began in November 2010 and ended in June 2011.
You can see the program in the Fed’s holdings of such debt: The burning question at the time was what would happen when the program ended and the Fed stopped buying more long-term debt.
Many people, very much including Bill Gross, predicted a spike in rates; those of us holding the “stock view”, including both me and Ben Bernanke, disagreed.
In the end, there was no spike — which constituted strong evidence against the whole notion that the Fed is what’s holding down rates.
Yet the Fed story, which came into prominence in the first half of 2011, now continues to be an article of faith among many people, showing yet again that for such people evidence that runs contrary to their prejudices doesn’t matter.
Alec MacGillis has a long, interesting piece on the Paul Ryan phenomenon — on how Washington managed to convince itself that he was a Serious, Honest Conservative when he was nothing of the sort.
There’s a lot of useful information in the piece.
But I’d question MacGillis’s central thesis — namely, that Ryan was mainly exploiting the Beltway’s innumeracy.
The key tell comes when MacGillis gets a response from Bill Bixby of the Concord Coalition, which gave Ryan an award for fiscal responsibility in early 2011.: Paul Ryan .. Bixby announced, had “earned his Fiscy Award really by being the first [congressman] in several years to step forward with a specific scorable budget plan that would actually solve the nation’s long-term structural deficits.” There were two problems with this.
First, Ryan’s plan, the “Roadmap for America’s Future,” wasn’t truly “scorable”—he had instead simply given the CBO estimates for future revenue and spending, prompting the organization to note that its analysis “does not represent a cost estimate.” The other problem was that, just a few weeks prior, but after the groups had decided to award a Fiscy to Ryan, he had rejected the recommendations of the Simpson-Bowles debt-reduction commission he had served on.
Bixby responds to the question about Bowles-Simpson — but not to the “scorable” thing, which is much more important and represents a clear error on his part.
And it’s not the kind of error Concord, or any of the other organizations behind the Fiscy, should have made.
They know what CBO reports mean and how to read them; I can’t believe that their staff failed to notice that CBO was given a revenue number but no explanation of how that revenue number might be achieved.
So Bixby was either refusing to listen to his own staff, or just being dishonest, when he praised the Ryan plan.
And either way it has to have been essentially political: he and people like him felt that they needed a Republican policy wonk to praise, so they invented one out of thin air.
And Ryan will continue to get kid gloves treatment for years, because the people responsible for this screwup will never admit their error.
How times have changed.
Back in 2004, Greg Mankiw declared, in the Economic Report of the President, that Aggressive monetary policy can reduce the depth of a recession.
But now, after the Fed has finally moved a bit in the direction of doing something about the Lesser Depression, Mitt Romney – supposedly advised by Mankiw among others – is outraged: [T]he American economy doesn’t need more artificial and ineffective measures.
We should be creating wealth, not printing dollars.
That word “artificial” caught my eye, because it’s the same word liquidationists used to denounce any efforts to fight the Great Depression with monetary policy.
Schumpeter declared that Any revival which is merely due to artificial stimulus leaves part of the work of depressions undone Hayek similarly decried any recovery led by the “creation of artificial demand”.
Milton Friedman – who thought he had liberated conservatism from this kind of nonsense –must be spinning in his grave.
The Romney/liquidationist view only makes sense if you believe that the problem with our economy lies on the supply side – that workers lack the incentive to work, or are stuck with the wrong skills, or something.
And that’s just not what the evidence says; instead, it points overwhelmingly to an insufficient overall level of demand.
When dealing with ordinary, garden-variety recessions, we deal with inadequate demand through conventional monetary policy, namely by cutting short-term interest rates.
Until recently even Republicans were OK with this.
Now we face a more severe slump, probably driven by deleveraging, in which even a zero rate isn’t low enough, so monetary policy has to work in unconventional ways – in particular, by changing expectations about future inflation, so as to reduce real interest rates.
This is no more “artificial” than conventional monetary policy – harder, yes, but it’s still about trying to get the market rate aligned with the “natural” rate consistent with full employment.
So where are Romney and his party coming from?
Basically, they’ve thrown out 80 years of economic analysis and evidence because it doesn’t fit their ideological preconceptions, and they’re resorting to dubious metaphors – “sugar high” and all that – as a substitute for clear thinking.
What you really have to wonder about is all the not-stupid economists who have aligned themselves with this guy and that crew.
Probably they imagine that once the election is past sensible economics will return.
But the odds are that they are wrong, and that they’re sacrificing their own credibility to put charlatans and cranks in the driver’s seat.
I was airborne until late, so no chance until now to weigh in on the Fed’s new move.
And now I really need to get some sleep to fight off this cold!
So just a few points: 1.
It’s good to see the Fed moving, finally.
2.
It certainly sounds as if Bernanke is reacting to the Woodford critique, which argues that quantitative easing is mainly effective through its effect on expectations.
While the policy does take the form of purchases of unconventional assets — mortgage-backed securities — Bernanke is not relying on portfolio balance effects alone; instead, he’s trying to move expectations by declaring that the Fed will continue to ease for some time after the economy has begun to recover: To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee expects that a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy will remain appropriate for a considerable time after the economic recovery strengthens.
In effect, the Fed seems to be trying to “credibly promise to be irresponsible”, which is what I advocated way back when in this kind of situation.
3.
That’s all good.
However, it’s kind of vague.
No clear target, whether nominal GDP or some kind of inflation/unemployment mix.
Put it this way: you could imagine a future Fed chairman tightening policy in line with the same Taylor rule that seemed to describe policy before the crisis — a rule that suggests that interest rates wouldn’t start to go up until unemployment was below, say, 7 percent — and still being able to claim that he had not violated any promise Bernanke made.
In other words, it’s not totally clear that we really do have a shift in future policy.
And since the whole point is to move expectations, leaving this kind of wiggle room is not a good thing.
To paraphrase an old joke: what do you get when you cross a Godfather with a central banker?
Someone who makes you an offer you can’t understand.
4.
Romney is talking destructive nonsense.
There’s been some buzz about a report suggesting that the iPhone 5 could, all by itself, give a significant boost to the US economy.
I can’t judge how plausible the sales estimates are; but it’s worth pointing out how the economic logic of this suggestion relates to the larger picture.
The key point is that the optimism about the iPhone’s effects has nothing (or at any rate not much) to do with the presumed quality of the phone, and the ways in which it might make us happier or more productive.
Instead, the immediate gains would come from the way the new phone would get people to junk their old phones and replace them.
In other words, if you believe that the iPhone really might give the economy a big boost, you have — whether you realize it or not — bought into a version of the “broken windows” theory, in which destroying some capital can actually be a good thing under depression conditions.
Of course, it’s nice that the reason we’re junking old capital is to make room for something better, not just for the hell of it.
But you know what would also be nice?
Building useful stuff like infrastructure employing labor and cash that would otherwise sit idle.
Convention season has been brutal for the Romney campaign.
Romney has trailed Obama, not by a lot but significantly, for months; the RNC was supposed to bounce him into the lead.
Instead, Romney didn’t get a bounce — but Obama did.
It’s far from over, but at this point Obama is the clear favorite to win.
Those are the facts.
So why is the Romney campaign spinning furiously in an attempt to deny them?
Well, I have a theory; it’s obvious, but I haven’t seen it elsewhere.
It’s about the money.
OK, it’s true that part of this may be the carryover from conservative epistemology more broadly, in which truth is what’s ideologically convenient, never mind the evidence.
But there’s also a very rational reason to try to pretend that things are going better than they are.
Bear in mind that Romney’s one big advantage is a huge pile of cash.
Much of this pile comes from committed right-wing zealots, like the Koch brothers.
But a good chunk comes from business interests, Wall Street in particular, that historically try to buy influence with whoever they think will win.
They like Romney better than Obama — he doesn’t look at them funny — but they’ve placed a very big bet on the Republicans this time compared with previous occasions, and they have to be feeling nervous.
If they come to the conclusion that they invested in a loser, they will try to cover their position by rushing a lot of cash to Obama in the final weeks of the campaign.
And that will blunt the one big advantage Romney still has.
So the Romney campaign has to do all it can to obscure and deny reality, lest perceptions that their candidate is a lemon turn into a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Aha.
It seems that I was giving Rand Paul more credit than he deserved.
Think Progress has the video, and it’s clear that Paul was completely shocked at the notion that government employment had fallen under Obama, rather than soaring.
How did that happen?
Almost surely it’s a case of a zombie lie that has gone unchallenged in the hermetic world of movement conservatism, so that people like Paul know, just know, something that ain’t so.
I wrote about this way back: the usual suspects seized on the Census bulge in employment as evidence of a big-government surge; and because nobody in that business ever admits having been wrong, this became a “fact” that people like Rand Paul believe.
He wouldn’t have made this mistake if he ever read or listened to an analysis from nonpartisan sources, but he evidently doesn’t.
During today’s round table on ABC, Rand Paul seemed shocked at my claim that government employment is down under Obama.
Of course, it is.
But maybe he’s thinking of the fact that since govt employment rose under Bush, we’re still at higher absolute levels than we were a decade ago.
That is, however, a strange comparison: other things equal, you’d expect government employment to grow with population (remember, the typical government employee is a schoolteacher).
And here’s what has happened to government employment per capita: I know Republicans know, just know, that government has surged under Obama.
But it ain’t so.
Hmm.
Brad DeLong finds Niall Ferguson touting a paper by William White (pdf) that I read as a desperate attempt to find some reason why we should be raising interest rates despite a deeply depressed economy and an absence of obvious inflationary pressure.
Why the desperation?
There’s a certain kind of central banker who just hates the idea of easy money; plus the desire to raise rates is closely identified with the political right.
No surprise, then, that Ferguson likes the paper.
But it doesn’t hang together — and Brad is right to get especially exercised over the attempted invocation of Knut Wicksell to support the call for higher rates.
Wicksell was a pre-Keynesian macro theorist who offered a way to think about booms and slumps in terms of the difference between the market rate of interest and the “natural” rate, defined as the rate that would match desired saving and desired investment at full employment; there’s a boom when the market rate is below the natural rate, a slum when the reverse is true.
This is actually a viewpoint quite consistent with IS-LM analysis; indeed, in my original Ferguson takedown I concluded with a Wicksellian diagram, illustrating our situation like this: where r is the interest rate, S and I are savings and investment schedules that would prevail at full employment.
So why would Wicksellian analysis tell us that money is too easy?
Well, White simply asserts that the natural rate of interest equals the rate of growth of world potential output.
And we know this because?
Look, the natural rate of interest (like the natural rate of unemployment) needs to be assessed on a PPE basis — that’s “proof of the pudding is in the eating”.
If the economy is depressed due to inadequate demand — and it is — then that fact tells you that the natural rate is below, not above, the market rate.
As I emphasized in the original piece, the ability of government to run large deficits without driving up rates is also evidence of the same thing.
And we know quite well why the natural rate is depressed right now: debt overhang, a burst housing bubble, premature fiscal austerity.
Let me just add that White and others seem in addition to be victims of the fallacy of immaculate inflation.
As Karl Smith said in the linked piece, Inflation must proceed through market processes.
Demand for some product must rise or supply must fall.
Any attempt to tell a story about inflationary risks that does not explain where excess demand for goods comes in is, necessarily, monetary mumbo-jumbo.
And yet there are significant forces out there using this mumo-jumbo to argue against policies that might help bring about recovery.
OK, I missed this.
From Romney’s acceptance speech, attacking Obama: His trillion dollar cuts to our military will eliminate hundreds of thousands of jobs, and also put our security at greater risk; His $716 billion cut to Medicare to finance Obamacare will both hurt today’s seniors, and depress innovation – and jobs – in medicine.
And his trillion-dollar deficits will slow our economy, restrain employment, and cause wages to stall.
OK, so deficit spending hurts the economy — unless it’s spending on the military (or on the medical-industrial complex), in which case cutting spending destroys jobs.
Leave on one side the fact that those possible defense cuts are the result of a Republican ultimatum, not Obama policy.
And where exactly is deficit reduction supposed to come from?
The GOP wants massive tax cuts; but spending on defense must rise, as must health care spending.
So I guess it’s all on the backs of the poor — except that Paul Ryan says that how we treat the defenseless is the test of our society.
Interesting.
Props to Eddie Lazear; he’s a loyal Republican who’s been saying a lot of things I consider totally wrong lately, but his paper for Jackson Hole (pdf) is a professional, well-done piece that offers little aid and comfort to his political allies.
Lazear’s question is whether a large part of the rise in unemployment is “structural”, that is, reflecting supply factors, or whether it’s mainly simple lack of demand.
The Keynesian view is, of course, that it’s demand, and that fiscal and monetary policy should be acting to provide the missing demand.
On the other side you have either supply-side views a la Mulligan claiming that taxes and benefits are discouraging people from working, or more or less Austrianish views that it’s about maladaption of the structure of production that left too many workers and too much capital stuck in the wrong industries.
Lazear goes through the data, and finds overwhelming evidence of inadequate demand, little if any evidence of structural problems.
I was especially struck by his data on “mismatch” (which everyone I know calls mishmash): the extent to which there appears to be a misalignment between where the workers are and where the jobs are.
In the early stages of the Lesser Depression some data seemed to suggest a sharp rise in mismatch; it was left for us demand-siders to argue that this was actually a cyclical, not structural issue, and not fundamental to the employment problem.
Now Lazear informs us that sure enough, mismatch was cyclical, and has in fact come way down even though unemployment remains high: What all this tells us is that the vast suffering still going on is gratuitous — that we could end this quickly with appropriate monetary and fiscal policies.
Unfortunately, between the GOP and the Very Serious People (who love, just love, the idea that it’s structural), it won’t happen any time soon.
I’m not in Jackson Hole — actually, I appear to have been blackballed for a long time, probably because I had the temerity to criticize the great Greenspan before it was fashionable.
No matter.
I can still read the papers — and the most important one was by Mike Woodford (pdf).
Woodford’s paper is long and really dense, mainly because he discusses at exhaustive lengths a large number of empirical studies.
But the bottom line is “Ben, ur doing it wrong”.
The topic is what, if anything, monetary policy can do when interest rates are up against the zero lower bound (or the near-zero lower bound — it doesn’t matter exactly what the minimum is).
Under these conditions, conventional monetary policy — just buying up short-term debt with newly created bank reserves — has no traction.
Yet this need not mean that the central bank is without options.
I think I was the first to make a point (pdf) that Woodford and Gauti Eggertsson greatly expanded in 2003, namely, that the central bank can still gain traction if it can convince the public that it will pursue a more inflationary policy than previously expected after the economy recovers.
As I wrote way back then, the central bank needs to credibly promise to be irresponsible.
But can it really do this?
Woodford devotes the first half of the paper to an extended review of the evidence on “forward guidance”, in which central banks signal their future intentions — and finds strong evidence that such talk matters.
So his answer is yes, the Fed could boost the economy by making a commitment to hold off on raising interest rates when recovery finally kicks in.
But that isn’t what the Fed has mainly done, at least not explicitly.
Instead, it has relied on purchases of nonconventional assets (misleadingly billed as quantitative easing or QE), especially long-term debt.
Has this been effective?
Woodford parses the evidence, and concludes tentatively that most of the apparent effects of QE actually come through the expectations channel — that is, that QE works, to the extent it does, largely because markets see it as a form of forward guidance.
So what should the Fed be doing?
Woodford concludes that it needs to make a change in its basic policy pronouncements, so as to make them “history-dependent” — that is, it needs to promulgate a view of its intentions that would lead it to be slower to raise rates following a big slump than it would in other circumstances.
And let me repeat the past tense: following a big slump, not just when you’re in it.
How to do this?
Nominal GDP targeting would be one answer, because it would give the Fed a reason to hold off for a long time on rate hikes.
Other schemes might also do the trick.
The point is that this is exactly what the Fed has not done.
Bernanke has gone to great lengths to reassure politicians that policy will revert to normal as soon as possible, that the Fed remains as vigilant as ever about inflation; and while Woodford doesn’t quite say this, all this amounts to offering forward guidance in exactly the wrong direction.
Important stuff.
One recurring complaint from commenters on this blog is that they can’t figure out where I stand on monetary versus fiscal policy as a response to a deeply depressed economy.
Sometimes, they say, I declare that monetary policy is ineffective once you’re at the zero lower bound; other times I berate Ben Bernanke for not doing more.
Which is it?
But it’s not a contradiction.
Mike Woodford’s latest paper, especially taken in tandem with his paper last year at the Cambridge Keynes conference, actually explains it all.
What Mike demonstrates is the point that liquidity-trap worriers have been making for a long time – actually, ever since my 1998 piece.
Current monetary policy is indeed ineffective in a liquidity trap; but there is still scope for central bank action in the form of credible commitments to keep monetary policy easy in the future, when the economy is no longer at the zero lower bound.
The trouble is how to make those credible commitments.
Actually, it’s a two-stage problem.
First you have to convince the central bank itself that it’s a good idea to signal that you won’t return to normal policy (say a standard Taylor rule) as soon as the economy lifts off from the liquidity trap; then you have to convince the private sector that the central bank will not, in fact, just revert to type once the crisis is past.
My judgment back in late 2008/early 2009 was that it would take a long time to get through those two stages; indeed, as Mike’s paper makes clear, four years into the Lesser Depression the Fed is still inching up toward stage one.
Meanwhile, the slump was already upon us.
What about fiscal policy?
As Mike pointed out in his earlier paper, fiscal stimulus in a liquidity trap doesn’t require that you convince the market that you’re going to behave differently once the crisis is past.
It doesn’t depend on expectations at all; the government just goes out and creates jobs.
So it made a lot of sense to argue for stimulus as the main immediate response to the slump.
But isn’t fiscal stimulus also a hard sell politically?
Yes, indeed – although the truth is that we did get some, and it probably had a major impact in softening the economic blow.
And we would have had more if not for the scorched-earth opposition of Republicans, which is not a problem of economic analysis.
So what should well-meaning economists do now, with both fiscal and monetary policy falling short?
The answer is, campaign on both fronts, trying to convince influential players both that austerity is wrong and that the Fed needs to start signaling its willingness to see more inflation before it raises rates.
And that’s more or less where I am.
Partly for my own future reference: comparisons between conventional Medicare and Medicare Advantage, and between Medicaid and private insurance.
The go-to source on Medicare Advantage is the official Medpac report (pdf), which currently finds MA plans costing on average 7 percent more than conventional Medicare.
This is less than the premium a few years ago; apparently (pdf) because several changes in Medicare policy more or less incidentally put the squeeze on MA plans.
So far those plans are still expanding, but time will tell.
Studies by the Urban Institute and more recently by CBPP find that Medicaid is significantly cheaper than private insurance.
This is partly because of lower administrative costs; also, Medicaid, more than Medicare, bargains hard, using things like a limited formulary that lets it drive a harder bargain over drug prices.
And there is, of course, the international evidence: every other advanced country has a less privatized health insurance system than we do, and we have much higher costs than anyone else.
So as I have often said, there’s not a shred of evidence supporting the view that voucherizing Medicare would make the system more efficient; on the contrary.
One of the themes I’ve hit on many times is the fact that the crisis and slump have been a testing ground for economic doctrines.
People came into this mess with very different views about how the economy works, and the crisis in effect provided natural experiments that tested those views.
Most notably, what we got was a test of demand-side versus supply-side stories about the nature of depressions.
Demand-siders like me saw this as very much a slump caused by inadequate spending: thanks largely to the overhang of debt from the bubble years, aggregate demand fell, pushing us into a classic liquidity trap.
But many people — some of them credentialed economists — insisted that it was actually some kind of supply shock instead.
Either they had an Austrian story in which the economy’s productive capacity was undermined by bad investments in the boom, or they claimed that Obama’s high taxes and regulation had undermined the incentive to work (of course, Obama didn’t actually impose high taxes or onerous regulations, but leave that aside for now).
How could you tell which story was right?
One answer was to look at the behavior of interest rates; the other was to look at inflation.
For if you believed a demand-side story, you would also believe that even a large monetary expansion would have little inflationary effect; if you believed a supply-side story, you would expect lots of inflation from too much money chasing a reduced supply of goods.
And indeed, people on the right have been forecasting runaway inflation for years now.
Yet the predicted inflation keeps not coming.
One favorite dodge at this point is to insist that the government is lying about the true inflation rate (not to mention what’s really going on in Area 51).
Luckily, we have independent estimates, like the Billion Price Index; sorry, but they are consistent with the official data: So what we’ve had is as good a test of rival views as one ever gets in macroeconomics — which makes it remarkable that the GOP is now firmly committed to the view that failed.
There was a time, not long ago, when Republicans — whatever you might think of their other ideas — were part of the mainstream consensus on monetary policy.
Here’s the Economic Report of the President from 2004 (pdf), presumably written by Greg Mankiw: Aggressive monetary policy can reduce the depth of a recession.
But now we have Mitt Romney declaring his intention to replace Ben Bernanke for, um, pursuing aggressive monetary policy to fight a recession (not aggressive enough, but that’s another issue).
Romney: I want to make sure the Federal Reserve focuses on maintaining the monetary stability that leads to a strong dollar and confidence that America is not going to go down the road that other nations have gone down, to their peril.
And the GOP platform will reportedly include a call for steps toward a return to the gold standard.
The really strange thing about all this is that this turn toward hard-money mysticism is taking place even as events have demonstrated that the advantages of not being on a gold standard, of having a fiat currency that can be printed freely in emergencies, are even greater than standard analysis had supposed.
Mark Thoma links to an old piece of mine that I think does a pretty good job of laying out that standard case; but we now know that there’s a major additional concern, the ability of the central bank to act as lender of last resort to the government as well as private banks.
Consider, as Paul De Grauwe has in one of the most important analyses (pdf) to come out of the crisis, the contrast between Spain and the UK.
Their medium-term fiscal outlooks are comparable, at least according to the IMF: Source: IMF But borrowing costs have soared in Spain, while falling in Britain: Source: Eurostat So the GOP has decided that we must reject the evils of fiat money and go for the gold standard at precisely the moment when events have demonstrated that fiat money is a really useful thing and the loss of flexibility that comes from ending fiat currencies can be utterly disastrous.
What’s going on?
I think Yglesias has this right: Commodity-backed money is basically a solution to a non-problem.
Or at least it’s not a problem you have if you don’t accept a Randian deeply moralized view of market outcomes.
The existince of fiat money is embarassing to that kind of ideology, so it inspires quests for alternatives to modern central banking even when the alternatives don’t make sense.
In this sense fiat money is like, oh, Social Security.
The problem it creates for conservatives is not that it doesn’t work, but that it does — which is a challenge to their philosophy.
And so it must die.
Dave Weigel made a great catch the other day: he notes that Paul Ryan has said that his views on monetary policy are based on Francisco d’Anconia’s speech in Atlas Shrugged.
Aside from revealing just how much of a Rand fanboy Ryan is — urban legend, my foot — this is interesting because that 23 paragraph speech isn’t just a call for the gold standard; it’s a call for eliminating paper money and going back to gold coins.
This had me wondering: when was the last time the economy actually ran on specie, rather than notes?
Bear in mind that paper money has been in widespread use for a long, long time.
Originally these were often notes from private banks, like the $10 (“dix”) note from the Citizen’s Bank of Louisiana that may have given rise to the term “Dixie” for the south.
There’s an extensive, mostly positive discussion of bank notes in Adam Smith’s Wealth of Nations.
But when did the notes become dominant over coin?
Well, the Millennial Edition of Historical Statistics of the United States (subscription required) has some data.
As I read it, as of 1813 there was only $7 million worth of coins in the hands of the U.S. public, versus $52 million in bank notes.
So even two centuries ago, we were already a paper-money economy.
And this means that Ryan wants to turn the clock back two centuries, not one.
There are multiple errors and misrepresentations in Niall Ferguson’s cover story in Newsweek — I guess they don’t do fact-checking — but this is the one that jumped out at me.
Ferguson says: The president pledged that health-care reform would not add a cent to the deficit.
But the CBO and the Joint Committee on Taxation now estimate that the insurance-coverage provisions of the ACA will have a net cost of close to $1.2 trillion over the 2012–22 period.
Readers are no doubt meant to interpret this as saying that CBO found that the Act will increase the deficit.
But anyone who actually read, or even skimmed, the CBO report (pdf) knows that it found that the ACA would reduce, not increase, the deficit — because the insurance subsidies were fully paid for.
Now, people on the right like to argue that the CBO was wrong.
But that’s not the argument Ferguson is making — he is deliberately misleading readers, conveying the impression that the CBO had actually rejected Obama’s claim that health reform is deficit-neutral, when in fact the opposite is true.
More than that: by its very nature, health reform that expands coverage requires that lower-income families receive subsidies to make coverage affordable.
So of course reform comes with a positive number for subsidies — finding that this number is indeed positive says nothing at all about the impact on the deficit unless you ask whether and how the subsidies are paid for.
Ferguson has to know this (unless he’s completely ignorant about the whole subject, which I guess has to be considered as a possibility).
But he goes for the cheap shot anyway.
We’re not talking about ideology or even economic analysis here — just a plain misrepresentation of the facts, with an august publication letting itself be used to misinform readers.
The Times would require an abject correction if something like that slipped through.
Will Newsweek?
A number of commenters have asked for a summary of what’s actually in the Ryan plan.
So this is a utility post.
The first thing you should know is that there are a couple of vintages of the plan, with some changes in detail, but not in general thrust.
As it happens, the best nonpartisan analysis, in my judgment, is the CBO report on the first vintage (pdf); as I said, details change, but the general idea remains the same.
So, what’s in the plan?
You need to distinguish between the first decade, before the phasing out of Medicare as we know it begins, and after.
The first decade In the first decade, the big things are (i) conversion of Medicaid into a block grant program, with much lower funding than projected under current law and (ii) sharp cuts in top tax rates and corporate taxes.
Is this a deficit-reduction program?
Not on the face of it: it’s basically a tradeoff of reduced aid to the poor for reduced taxes on the rich, with the net effect of the specific proposals being to increase, not reduce, the deficit.
Yet Ryan claims a big deficit reduction, via two big “magic asterisks”.
First, he insists that the tax cuts won’t reduce revenue, because they’ll be offset with unspecified “base-broadening”.
Here’s the CBO explanation: The path for revenues as a percentage of GDP was specified by Chairman Ryan’s staff.
The path rises steadily from about 15 percent of GDP in 2010 to 19 percent in 2028 and remains at that level thereafter.
There were no specifications of particular revenue provisions that would generate that path.
Howard Gleckman of the Tax Policy Center calls these unspecified sources of revenue “mystery meat”, and strongly suggests that nothing like this would actually happen.
Second, there are large assumed cuts in discretionary spending relative to current policy — again, CBO: That combination of other mandatory and discretionary spending was specified to decline from 12 percent of GDP in 2010 to about 6 percent in 2021 and then move in line with the GDP price deflator beginning in 2022, which would generate a further decline relative to GDP.
No proposals were specified that would generate that path.
So, whenever you hear people talking about Ryan’s deficit reductions, bear in mind that over the first decade all of the alleged deficit reduction comes from revenue and spending numbers that are simply asserted, not the result of any policies actually described in the “plan”.
After the first decade After the first decade, Medicare is gradually transformed into a voucher scheme, with the value of the vouchers lagging well behind projected health care costs.
Even so, however, much of the supposed deficit reduction comes not from Medicare but from further cuts in discretionary spending relative to GDP, with the number eventually falling to 3.5 percent of GDP (see Table 2 in the CBO report).
There is, once again, no specification of how this is to be accomplished; bear in mind that this number includes defense, which is currently around 4 percent of GDP.
Is this a plan?
Ryan basically proposes three big things: slashing Medicaid, cutting taxes on corporations and high-income people, and replacing Medicare with a drastically less well funded voucher system.
These concrete proposals would, taken together, actually increase the deficit for the first decade and beyond.
All the claims of major deficit reduction therefore rest on the magic asterisks.
In that sense, this isn’t even a plan, it’s just a set of assertions.
Links added Mark Kleiman points us to a lamentable but revealing column by William Saletan, which illustrates perfectly how the essentially ludicrous Paul Ryan has gotten so far – namely, by playing to the gullibility of self-proclaimed centrists, who want to show their “balance” by finding a conservative to praise.
Saletan writes: Ryan is a real fiscal conservative.
He isn’t just another Tea-Party ideologue spouting dogma about less government and the magic of free enterprise.
He has actually crunched the numbers and laid out long-term budget proposals.
OK, what?
Where is that coming from?
Did Saletan miss the whole discussion when the Ryan plan came out?
Did he miss the point where even Jacob Weisberg apologized for his initial praise, admitting that I reacted too quickly and didn’t sort out just how laughable Ryan’s long-term spending projections were.
His plan projects an absurd future, according to the Congressional Budget Office, in which all discretionary spending, now around 12 percent of GDP, shrinks to 3 percent of GDP by 2050.
Defense spending alone was 4.7 percent of GDP in 2009.
With numbers like that, Ryan is more an anarchist-libertarian than honest conservative.
Look, Ryan hasn’t “crunched the numbers”; he has just scribbled some stuff down, without checking at all to see if it makes sense.
He asserts that he can cut taxes without net loss of revenue by closing unspecified loopholes; he asserts that he can cut discretionary spending to levels not seen since Calvin Coolidge, without saying how; he asserts that he can convert Medicare to a voucher system, with much lower spending than now projected, without even a hint of how this is supposed to work.
This is just a fantasy, not a serious policy proposal.
So why does Saletan believe otherwise?
Has he crunched the numbers himself?
Of course not.
What he’s doing – and what the whole Beltway media crowd has done – is to slot Ryan into a role someone is supposed to be playing in their political play, that of the thoughtful, serious conservative wonk.
In reality, Ryan is nothing like that; he’s a hard-core conservative, with a voting record as far right as Michelle Bachman’s, who has shown no competence at all on the numbers thing.
What Ryan is good at is exploiting the willful gullibility of the Beltway media, using a soft-focus style to play into their desire to have a conservative wonk they can say nice things about.
And apparently the trick still works.
Simon Wren-Lewis has a post on the state of macroeconomics that I mostly agree with — but part of which bothers me a lot.
So let me weigh in.
Wren-Lewis argues against the many people insisting that the crisis means that we must rebuild macroeconomics from the ground up; he argues, on the contrary, that the crisis doesn’t require a fundamental rethink of macro.
And I am very much in agreement there.
Basic sensible macro — what we learned from Keynes and Hicks — has actually held up very well in the crisis.
To the extent that we have a crisis in macroeconomics as practiced, it comes from the way many economists chose to reject sensible macro.
The crisis should (but won’t) kill fresh-water, equilibrium macroeconomics; but IS-LM is looking pretty good.
And let me throw in that I personally have found the crisis remarkably comfortable territory in an intellectual sense, because we’re facing exactly the same sorts of issues I began worrying about in the face of the Asian crisis of the late 1990s.
My liquidity trap work (pdf) has, I think, aged pretty well; and even back then I was very much worried about issues of debt overhangs and balance sheet effects.
Now, what’s true is that my old work on balance sheet stuff focused on corporate rather than household debt, and that I was entirely concerned with the balance sheet effects of a movement in the exchange rate as opposed to, say, a drop in housing prices.
And I really, really should have connected the dots and seen how a burst housing bubble could produce similar effects — but I didn’t; I thought the end of the bubble would be nasty, but failed to realize how nasty.
Mea culpa.
But this was a failure to look at the right variables, not a fundamental flaw in the theory — and once it became clear that we were in a balance-sheet crisis, it was quick work to slot that into our understanding.
So, macro as I understand it hasn’t done badly.
But macro as I understand it isn’t what Wren-Lewis is describing when he talks about the intertemporal optimising framework that is the heart of modern macro.
Um, it’s not at the heart of MY macro.
Or maybe I should say, it’s not at the HEART of my macro.
I’m willing to do models with intertemporal optimization, but the optimization is never the core of the story.
Instead, it’s just a gadget.
What do I mean by that?
Readers who know my work on trade and geography know that a lot of it made use of the Dixit-Stiglitz model of monopolistic competition.
This model is, I would say, silly but brilliant — or if you prefer, brilliantly silly.
It makes some obviously untrue assumptions about tastes and technology in order to produce a mathematically and conceptually tractable way to think about increasing returns and imperfect competition.
And for the past three decades I and many others have made heavy use of this brilliantly silly model to clarify our thoughts about areas, such as trade and geography, where increasing returns and imperfect competition are crucial.
The point is that all this work USES Dixit-Stiglitz, but it’s not ABOUT Dixit-Stiglitz; D-S is a gadget, a tool that helps you work with the fundamental issues, but you don’t ever want to forget that it is no more than that.
I think of intertemporal optimization in macro the same way.
The assumptions of hyper-rationality, not to mention representative agents, that underlie many macro models, including some of my own, are just as silly as the symmetric CES preferences of Dixit-Stiglitz (I told you this was wonkish).
It’s OK to use those assumptions to make a point, but only as long as you keep your tongue firmly in cheek.
But I guess not everyone even on the sensible side of macro sees it that way.
And that is a problem.
A gadget is only a gadget, and you should not let it define your field.
We know that taxes on the very rich are at a historic low right now, which will go even lower if Mitt Romney wins.
But how low, exactly?
All the detailed studies I know of go back only to 1960.
I’ve written about Piketty-Saez; the 2010 Economic Report of the President (pdf) also provided estimates, not taking into account corporate taxes: All these estimates show that taxes on the rich are the lowest they have been in half a century.
But what about before 1960?
Well, we know that the top marginal tax rate was even higher in the 40s and 50s than in the 60s; and it was very high by modern standards through much of the 30s too.
So I think it’s safe to say that taxes on the rich are currently lower than they have been for not 50 but 80 years.
And if Mitt Romney gets his way, we’ll bring those taxes down to levels not seen since Calvin Coolidge.
A brief data note to myself.
The LA Times report on the Romney fundraisers in the Hamptons contains this passage: A New York City donor a few cars back, who also would not give her name, said Romney needed to do a better job connecting.
“I don’t think the common person is getting it,” she said from the passenger seat of a Range Rover stamped with East Hampton beach permits.
“Nobody understands why Obama is hurting them.
“We’ve got the message,” she added.
“But my college kid, the baby sitters, the nails ladies — everybody who’s got the right to vote — they don’t understand what’s going on.
I just think if you’re lower income — one, you’re not as educated, two, they don’t understand how it works, they don’t understand how the systems work, they don’t understand the impact.” So I was curious: what do “nails ladies” earn?
The answer, according to the BLS Occupational Employment Statistics, is that in 2010 the mean annual wage of Manicurists and Pedicurists(395092) was $21,760.
Among other things, this means that nails ladies probably face a higher marginal effective tax rate than Romney donors.
A note on taxes, benefits, and incentives, inspired by the “we are VIP/engine of the economy” crowd.
There is no question that incentives matter, that other things equal, someone facing a high marginal tax rate will work less than he or she would otherwise.
How much they matter is another issue; in fact, careful empirical study suggests that they matter far less than right-wing mythology would have it.
But there’s a further point: if you care about incentives, you should care about everyone’s incentives.
The top 0.01 percent may like to imagine that it is the engine of the economy, but there is no good reason to believe that there is anything special about their role other than the fact that they make lots of money.
Or to be a bit more specific, there is no reason to believe that there is a larger gap between the social marginal product of super-elite earners and their pay than there is for anyone else.
(If anything, given the prominence of dubious financial activities in the top .01’s income, the presumption goes the other way).
So if you’re worried about the effect of marginal tax rates on work incentives, you should worry about that effect at all income levels.
And here’s the thing: it’s actually a well-documented fact that effective marginal rates are highest, not on the superrich, but on workers toward the lower end of the scale.
Why?
Partly because of the payroll tax, but largely because of means-tested benefits that fade out as your income rises.
Here’s a recent discussion by Eugene Steuerle (pdf), with this figure included: So if you’re really, really concerned about incentives, you should focus not on top rates but on this lower-income trap.
How can this be done?
Well, one answer is to be meaner to the poor; bringing us back to Dickensian conditions would reduce effective marginal tax rates, plus lead to a lot of starving children and such.
Another answer is to do less means-testing — for example, to provide universal health care, free school lunches for all, etc.. Of course, this would require more money, and hence higher marginal tax rates on higher incomes — but remember, those incomes aren’t where the acute incentive problems are to be found.
But in the real world, of course, conservatives want more means-testing, not less, so that they can afford to cut tax rates at the top.
Social justice aside, this actually makes the “real tax system”, as Steuerle dubs it, even more distorted.
And all of this is justified with the mythology that the rich make a special contribution to the economy over and above the huge amounts they actually get paid.
Funny how that works.
It looks as if Mitt Romney’s personal finances are going to be back in the news.
One thing we’ll be hearing from his defenders is the argument that he doesn’t really pay only 14 percent of his income in taxes, because you should count the taxes paid by the corporations in which he invests.
But my guess is that conservatives really shouldn’t want to go there.
Because if we do, we realize that tax cuts are a much bigger story in rising inequality than the right wants to hear.
Piketty and Saez (pdf) have looked at tax rates including imputed corporate taxes, and here’s what they get: Tax rates for the super-elite, the top .01%, have fallen in half since Mitt Romney’s father ran for president; or to put it differently, after tax income for this group has doubled due to policy alone.
And bear in mind that the US economy flourished just fine under those 60-70 tax rates …
It appears that the Obama campaign has decided to ignore the queasiness of Democrats with Wall Street ties, and go after Mitt Romney’s record at Bain.
And rightly so!
After all, what is Romney’s case – that is, why does he want us to think he should be president?
It’s not about ideology: Romney offers nothing but warmed-over right-wing platitudes, with an extra helping of fraudulent arithmetic, and it’s fairly obvious that even he himself doesn’t believe anything he’s saying.
Instead, his thing is competence: supposedly, his record as a successful businessman should tell us that he knows how to create jobs.
And this in turn means that we have every right to ask exactly what kind of a businessman he was.
Now, the truth is even under the best of circumstances, the case for electing a businessman as president would be very weak.
A country is not a company – does any company sell more than 80 percent of what it makes to its own workers, the way America does?
— and competitive success in business bears no particular relationship to the principles of macroeconomic policy.
So even if Romney were a true captain of industry, a latter-day Andrew Carnegie, this wouldn’t be a strong qualification.
In any case, however, Romney wasn’t that kind of businessman.
He didn’t build businesses, he bought and sold them – sometimes restructuring them in ways that added jobs, often in ways that preserved profits but destroyed jobs, and fairly often in ways that extracted money for Bain but killed the business in the process.
And recently the Washington Post added a further piece of information: Bain invested in companies that specialized in helping other companies get rid of employees, either in the United States or overall, by outsourcing work to outside suppliers and offshoring work to other countries.
The Romney camp went ballistic, accusing the Post of confusing outsourcing and offshoring, but this is a pretty pathetic defense.
For one thing, there weren’t any actual errors in the article.
For another, it’s simply not true, as the Romney people would have you believe, that domestic outsourcing is entirely innocuous.
On the contrary, it’s often a way to replace well-paid employees who receive decent health and retirement benefits with low-wage, low-benefit employees at subcontracting firms.
That is, it’s still about redistribution from middle-class Americans to a small minority at the top.
Arguably, that’s just business – but it’s not the kind of business that makes you especially want to see Romney as president.
Or put it a different way: Romney wasn’t so much a captain of industry as a captain of deindustrialization, making big profits for his firm (and himself) by helping to dismantle the implicit social contract that used to make America a middle-class society.
So now he proposes bringing the skills and techniques he used in business to the White House.
Somehow, I’m not enthusiastic about the prospect.
Simon Wren-Lewis says something quite similar to my own view about the trouble with macroeconomics: it’s mostly political.
And although Wren-Lewis bends over backwards to avoid saying it too bluntly, most – not all, but most – of the problem comes from the right.
If this sounds familiar, if it reminds you of the problem of partisanship in U.S. politics, it should.
There are close parallels, as well there might be, since the trouble in macro is in effect a symptom of this wider political war.
And there’s another parallel: many of those decrying the conflict within macro without facing up to the real sources of that conflict are playing the same unhelpful role being played by fanatical centrists within the punditocracy.
(And no, “fanatical centrist” is not an oxymoron).
By now, the centrist dodge ought to be familiar.
A Very Serious, chin-stroking pundit argues that what we really need is a political leader willing to concede that while the economy needs short-run stimulus, we also need to address long-term deficits, and that addressing those long-term deficits will require both spending cuts and revenue increases.
And then the pundit asserts that both parties are to blame for the absence of such leaders.
What he absolutely won’t do is endanger his centrist credentials by admitting that the position he’s just outlined is exactly, exactly, the position of Barack Obama.
The macroeconomics equivalent looks like this: a concerned writer or speaker on economics bemoans the state of the field and argues that what we really need are macroeconomists who are willing to approach the subject with an open mind and change their views if the evidence doesn’t support their model.
He or she concludes by scolding the macroeconomics profession in general, which is a nice safe thing to do – but requires deliberately ignoring the real nature of the problem.
For the fact is that it’s not hard to find open-minded macroeconomists willing to respond to the evidence.
These days, they’re called Keynesians and/or saltwater macroeconomists.
(Some devotees of Keynes claim that people like me aren’t really Keynesians – and while there are some serious grounds for the charge, part of the reason is precisely that we’ve treated Keynes as an inspiration to be modified in the face of evidence rather than as holy writ).
What’s the evidence that Keynesians respond to evidence?
Just think of how the view we call Keynesian has evolved since the 1950s.
Time was when Keynesians were highly skeptical about the effectiveness of monetary policy under any circumstances; evidence, including but not only Friedman and Schwartz, persuaded the school otherwise.
The idea of the natural rate, that there was no long-run tradeoff between inflation and unemployment, was very much disliked by people like Jim Tobin, but accepted by nearly everyone after the experience of the 1970s.
More recently the revisions have tended to go in the other direction, with a revival of the concept of the liquidity trap in the light of Japan’s experience, and a renewed acceptance, again based on evidence, that wages are downwardly rigid – and hence that the natural rate hypothesis breaks down at low inflation.
And there’s a widespread acceptance that we were paying too little attention to debt and the financial sector.
Would Keynesians have been willing to change their views drastically if the experience of the global financial crisis had warranted such a change?
I’d like to think so – but we’ll never know for sure, because the basic Keynesian view has in fact worked very well in the crisis.
But then there’s the other side – freshwater, equilibrium, more or less classical macro.
Recent events have been one empirical debacle after another for that view of the world – on interest rates, on inflation, on the effects of fiscal contraction.
But the truth is that freshwater macro has been failing empirical tests for decades.
Everywhere you turn there are anomalies that should have had that side of the profession questioning its premises, from the absence of the technology shocks that were supposed to drive business cycles, to the evident effectiveness of monetary policy, to the near-perfect correlation of nominal and real exchange rates.
But rather than questioning its premises, that side of the field essentially turned its back on evidence, calibrating its models rather than testing them, and refusing even to teach alternative views.
So there’s the trouble with macro: it’s basically political, and it’s mainly – not entirely, but mainly – coming from one side.
Yet this truth is precisely what the critics won’t acknowledge, because that would endanger their comfortable position of scolding everyone equally.
It is, in short, the centrist dodge carried over to conflict within economics.
Do we need better macroeconomics?
Indeed we do.
But we also need better critics, who are prepared to take the risk of actually taking sides for good economics and against dogmatism.
Brad DeLong is not happy with some of his fellow intellectuals: Those who said that there would be no downturn, or that recovery would be rapid, or that the economy’s real problems were structural, or that supporting the economy would produce inflation (or high short-term interest rates), or that immediate fiscal austerity would be expansionary were wrong.
Not just a little wrong.
Completely wrong.
Of course, we historically-minded economists are not surprised that they were wrong.
We are, however, surprised at how few of them have marked their beliefs to market in any sense.
On the contrary, many of them, their reputations under water, have doubled down on those beliefs, apparently in the hope that events will, for once, break their way, and that people might thus be induced to forget their abysmal forecasting track record.
Actually, has even one prominent economist or economic prognosticator who got everything wrong admitted it, or shown even a hint of humility?
Has anyone perhaps hinted that the policy recommendations he was making might not be right, given the total failure of events to go the way he predicted?
I can’t think of one.
This crisis has been an object lesson in both the uses of history and the unpleasant side of human nature.
The Bank for International Settlements has just come out with a report emphasizing the “limits to monetary policy”, which is apparently being taken seriously.
I guess I’d start from the observation that the BIS has already embraced liquidationism, the idea that all this suffering is good for us and that trying to mitigate the pain would somehow be a bad thing.
Now they’re just trying to come up with additional arguments for doing nothing.
But I thought it might be worth talking for a second about how the various conventional wisdoms of the past few years — the enthusiasm for austerity that swept the VSPs in 2010, and now the chin-stroking doubts about monetary expansion — add up to an insistence that we refuse to do anything that might help us avoid a sustained depression.
What, after all, is the story of this crisis?
The simple take many of us have now adopted, which I think gets at most of it, runs along the lines of my Sam and Janet story.
At any given time there are some people who would like to borrow more at current interest rates, but are constrained by norms about how much debt is too much.
If these norms are loosened, they will borrow more — which is in fact what happened between around 1980 and 2007, as deregulation, financial innovations nobody understood, and general complacency led to a broad willingness to accept higher leverage.
Now, if people are borrowing, other people must be lending.
What induced the necessary lending?
Higher real interest rates, which encouraged “patient” economic agents to spend less than their incomes while the impatient spent more.
OK, so that’s what happens when an economy is engaged in increased leveraging.
Then something makes people remember the dangers of debt, and leveraging gives way to deleveraging.
You might think that the process would be symmetric: debtors pay down their debt, while creditors are correspondingly induced to spend more by low real interest rates.
And it would be symmetric if the shock were small enough.
In fact, however, the deleveraging shock has been so large that we’re hard up against the zero lower bound; interest rates can’t go low enough.
And so we have a persistent excess of desired saving over desired investment, which is to say persistently inadequate demand, which is to say a depression.
By the way, this is in a fundamental sense a market failure: there is a price mechanism, the real interest rate, that because of the zero lower bound can’t do its job under certain circumstances, namely the circumstances we face now.
What to do?
One answer is fiscal policy: let governments temporarily run big enough deficits to maintain more or less full employment, while the private sector repairs its balance sheets.
The other answer is unconventional monetary policy to get around the problem of the zero lower bound: maybe unconventional asset purchases, but the obvious answer is to try to create expected inflation, so as to reduce real rates.
Now look at what the serious people say: we must have fiscal austerity, not stimulus, because debt is bad; we must not have unconventional monetary policy, because that would endanger “credibility” (where it’s not at all clear what that means).
So basically, we must do nothing to fix this horrific market failure, and allow unemployment to fester instead.
It’s really awesome, when you think about — not just that we’re committing this massive act of folly, but that it’s all being done in the name of sound policy.
A couple of months ago I gave a dinner talk for the NBER Macroeconomics Annual conference.
For technical reasons I can’t seem to post a pdf, but here’s the writeup — probably pretty scrappy looking — after the jump:  Revenge of the Optimum Currency Area Paul Krugman The creation of the euro was supposed to be another triumphant step in the European project, in which economic integration has been used to foster political integration and peace; a common currency, so the thinking went, would bind the continent even more closely together.
What has happened instead, however, is a nightmare: the euro has become an economic trap, and Europe a nest of squabbling nations.
Even the continent’s democratic achievements seem under threat, as dire economic conditions create a favorable environment for political extremism.
Who could have seen such a thing coming?
Well, the answer is that lots of economists could and should have seen it coming, and some did.
For we have a long-established way to think about the prospects for currency unions, the theory of optimum currency areas – and right from the beginning, this theory suggested serious concerns about the euro project.
These concerns were largely dismissed at the time, with many assertions that the theory was wrong, irrelevant, or that any concerns it raised could be addressed with reforms.
Recent events have, however, very much followed the lines one might have expected given good old-fashioned optimum currency area theory, even as they have suggested both that we need to expand the theory and that some aspects of the theory are more important than we previously realized.
In what follows, I’ll start with a very brief and selective review of what I consider the key points of optimum currency area theory, and what that theory seemed, some two decades ago, to say about the idea of a single European currency.
Next up is the crisis, and the continuing refusal of many leaders to see it for what it is.
Finally, some thoughts on possible futures.
Mundell, Kenen, and currencies The advantages of a common currency are obvious, if hard to quantify: reduced transaction costs, elimination of currency risk, greater transparency and possibly greater competition because prices are easier to compare.
Before the creation of the euro, some statistical work on the limited number of country pairs sharing a currency suggested that the common European currency might produce an explosion in intra-European trade; that hasn’t happened, but trade does seem to have risen modestly as a result of the single currency, and presumably that corresponds to an increase in mutually beneficial and hence productive exchanges.
The disadvantages of a single currency come from loss of flexibility.
It’s not just that a currency area is limited to a one-size-fits-all monetary policy; even more important is the loss of a mechanism for adjustment.
For it seemed to the creators of OCA, and continues to seem now, that changes in relative prices and wages are much more easily made via currency depreciation than by renegotiating individual contracts.
Iceland achieved a 25 percent fall in wages relative to the European core in one fell swoop, via a fall in the krona.
Spain probably needs a comparable adjustment, but that adjustment, if it can happen at all, will require years of grinding wage deflation in the face of high unemployment.
But why should such adjustments ever be necessary?
The answer is “asymmetric shocks”.
A boom or slump everywhere in a currency area poses no special problems.
But suppose, to take a not at all hypothetical example, that a vast housing boom leads to full employment and rising wages in part, but only part, of a currency area, then goes bust.
The legacy of those boomtime wage increases will be an uncompetitive tradable sector, and hence the need to get at least relative wages down again.
So the advantages of a single currency come at a potentially high cost.
Optimum currency area theory is about weighing the balance between those advantages and those potential costs.
Now, what we need to say right away is that this “weighing” takes place only in a qualitative sense: at this point nobody says that the benefits of joining the euro are x percent of GDP, the costs y, and x>y, so the euro it is.
Instead, it’s more along the lines of arguing that Florida is a better candidate for membership in the dollar zone than Spain is a candidate for membership in the euro zone.
This doesn’t necessarily say that Spain made a mistake by joining the euro – nor does it necessarily refute the argument that Florida would be better off with its own currency!
But the theory does at least give us some insight into the tradeoffs.
We also need to say that in practice very little of optimum currency area theory is concerned with the benefits of a single currency area.
Obviously these benefits depend on potential economic interactions; there would be no point in sharing a currency with, say, a colony on Mars that did almost no trade with Earth, and joining the euro makes a lot more sense for, say, Slovakia than it would for Mongolia.
But almost all the interesting stuff comes from looking at factors that might mitigate the costs arising from the loss of monetary flexibility that comes with adopting someone else’s currency – which brings us to the two big ideas of OCA.
First up, Mundell, whose classic 1961 paper argued that a single currency was more likely to be workable if the regions sharing that currency were characterized by high mutual labor mobility.
(He actually said factor mobility, but labor is almost surely the one that matters).
How so?
Well, suppose – to take a not at all hypothetical example – that the state of Massachusetts takes a major asymmetric hit to its economy that sharply reduces employment – which is, in fact, what happened at the end of the 1980s.
If Massachusetts workers can’t or won’t leave the state, the only way to restore full employment is to regain the lost jobs, which will probably require a large fall in relative wages to make the state more competitive, a fall in relative wages that is much more easily accomplished if you have your own currency to devalue.
But if there is high labor mobility, full employment can instead be restored through emigration, which shrinks the labor force to the jobs available.
And that’s what actually happened.
Table 1 shows snapshots of the Massachusetts economy at three dates: 1986, the height of the “Massachusetts miracle” centered on minicomputers, 1991, after the shift to PCs and the bursting of a housing bubble had brought a severe local recession, and 1996.
Notice that Massachusetts never regained the employment share it lost in the late-80s bust.
Nonetheless, by the mid-90s it once again had an unemployment rate below the national average, because workers moved elsewhere.
So that’s one main theme of optimum currency area theory.
But it isn’t the only one.
There’s also Peter Kenen’s argument that fiscal integration – a large “federal” component to spending at the regional or local level – can help a lot in dealing with asymmetric shocks.
Let’s once again take a not at all hypothetical example, Florida after the recent housing bust.
America may have a small welfare state by European standards, but it’s still pretty big, with large spending in particular on Social Security and Medicare – obviously both a big deal in Florida.
These programs are, however, paid for at a national level.
What this means is that if Florida suffers an asymmetric adverse shock, it will receive an automatic compensating transfer from the rest of the country: it pays less into the national budget, but this has no impact on the benefits it receives, and may even increase its benefits if they come from programs like unemployment benefits, food stamps, and Medicaid that expand in the face of economic distress.
How big is this automatic transfer?
Table 2 shows some indicative numbers about Florida’s financial relations with Washington in 2007, the year before the crisis, and 2010, in the depths of crisis.
Florida’s tax payments to DC fell some $33 billion; meanwhile, special federally funded unemployment insurance programs contributed some $3 billion, food stamp payments rose almost $4 billion.
That’s about $40 billion in de facto transfers, some 5 percent of Florida’s GDP – and that’s surely an understatement, since there were also crisis-related increases in Medicaid and even Social Security, as more people took early retirement or applied for disability payments.
You might argue that since Florida residents are also U.S. taxpayers, we really shouldn’t count all of this as a transfer.
The crucial point, however, is that the federal government does not currently face a borrowing constraint, and has very low borrowing costs.
So all of this is a burden that would be a real problem if Florida were a sovereign state, but is taken off its shoulders by the fact that it isn’t.
Wait, there’s more: Florida banks benefit from federal deposit insurance; many mortgage losses fell on Fannie and Freddie, the federally-sponsored lending agencies.
More on this financial backing shortly.
In summary, optimum currency area theory suggested two big things to look at – labor mobility and fiscal integration.
And on both counts it was obvious that Europe fell far short of the U.S. example, with limited labor mobility and virtually no fiscal integration.
This should have given European leaders pause – but they had their hearts set on the single currency.
Why did they believe it would work?
I won’t try for a detailed historiography; let me just say that what I recall from discussions at the time was the belief that two factors would make the adjustment problems manageable.
First, countries would adopt sound fiscal policies, and thereby reduce the incidence of asymmetric shocks.
Second, countries would engage in structural reforms that would make labor markets – and, presumably, wages – flexible enough to cope with such asymmetric shocks as occurred despite the soundness of the fiscal policies.
Even at the time, this sounded to many American economists like wishful thinking.
After all, asymmetric shocks don’t have to arise from unsound policies – they can come from shifts in relative product demand or, of course, such things as real estate bubbles.
And European leaders seemed to believe that they could achieve a degree of wage flexibility that would be more or less unprecedented in the modern world.
Nonetheless, the project went ahead.
Exchange rates were locked at the beginning of 1999, with the mark, the franc and so on officially becoming just denominations of the euro.
Then came actual euro notes – and they all lived happily ever after, for values of “ever after” < 11 years.
The euro crisis As I just suggested, the architects of the euro, to the extent that they took optimum currency area theory at all seriously, chose to believe that asymmetric shocks would be a relatively minor problem.
What happened instead was the mother of all asymmetric shocks – a shock that was, in a bitter irony, caused by the creation of the euro itself.
In essence, the creation of the euro led to a perception on the part of many investors that the big risks associated with cross-border investment within Europe had been eliminated.
In the 1990s, despite the absence of formal capital controls, capital movements and hence current-account imbalances within Europe were limited.
After the creation of the euro, however, there was massive capital movement from Europe’s core – mainly Germany, but also the Netherlands – to its periphery, leading to an economic boom in the periphery and significantly higher inflation rates in Spain, Greece, etc.
than in Germany.
This movement was itself a large asymmetric shock, but a relatively gradual one, and one that the European Central Bank was willing to accommodate with slightly above-target inflation.
Matters were quite different, however, when private capital flows from the core to the periphery came to a sudden stop, leaving the peripheral economies with prices and unit labor costs that were well out of line with those in the core.
Suddenly the euro faced a major adjustment problem.
This was the kind of problem optimum currency area theory warned would be very difficult to handle without currency devaluation; euro optimists had believed that reforms would make labor markets sufficiently flexible to deal with such situations.
Unfortunately, the pessimists were right.
“Internal devaluation” – restoring competitiveness through wage cuts as opposed to devaluation – has proved extremely hard.
Table 3 shows hourly labor costs in the business sectors of several peripheral economies that, by common account, entered the crisis with very flexible labor markets; even so, and despite very high unemployment, they have achieved at best small declines.
So optimum currency area theory was right to assert that creating a single currency would bring significant costs, which in turn meant that Europe’s lack of mitigating factors in the form of high labor mobility and/or fiscal integration became a very significant issue.
In this sense, the story of the euro is one of a crisis foretold.
Yet there have been some surprises – unfortunately, none of them favorable.
First, as far as I know nobody or almost nobody foresaw that countries hit by adverse asymmetric shocks would face fiscal burdens so large as to call government solvency into question.
As it turned out, the adjustment problems of the euro area quickly turned into a series of fiscal emergencies as well.
In this sense, Kenen has turned out to dominate Mundell: lack of labor mobility has not played a major role in euro’s difficulties, at least so far, but lack of fiscal integration has had an enormous impact, arguably making the difference between the merely bad condition of America’s “sand states”, where the housing bubble was concentrated, and the acute crises facing Europe’s periphery.
Second, traditional optimum currency area theory paid little attention to banking issues; little thought was given to the importance of national as opposed to regional bank guarantees in the United States.
In retrospect, however, we can see just how crucial such guarantees have actually been.
Deposits in U.S. banks are guaranteed at the federal level, so that bank bailouts have not been a burden on state governments; in Europe, bank bailouts have helped cause sudden jumps in government debt, most notably in Ireland, where the government’s assumption of bank debts abruptly added 40 points to the ratio of public debt to GDP.
The combination of concerns about sovereign debt and the absence of federal bank backing have produced the now-famous phenomenon of “doom loops”, in which fears of sovereign default undermine confidence in the private banks that hold much sovereign debt, forcing these banks to contract their balance sheets, driving the price of sovereign debt still lower.
Then there’s the lender of last resort issue, which turns out to be broader than even those who knew their Bagehot realized.
Credit for focusing on this issue goes to Paul DeGrauwe, who pointed out that national central banks are potentially crucial lenders of last resort to governments as well as private financial institutions.
The British government basically can’t face a “rollover” crisis in which bond buyers refuse to purchase its debt, because the Bank of England can always step in as financier of last resort.
The government of Spain, however, can face such a crisis – and there is always the risk that fears of such a crisis, leading to default, could become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
As DeGrauwe has pointed out, Britain’s fiscal outlook does not look notably better than Spain’s.
Yet the interest rate on British 10-year bonds was 1.7% at the time of writing, whereas the rate on Spanish 10-years was 6.6%; presumably this liquidity risk was playing an important role in the difference.
An even more striking comparison is between euro area countries and those nations that have pegged to the euro but not actually adopted the currency.
Denmark, Austria, and Finland are all, by common agreement, in pretty good fiscal shape.
But where Austria and Finland are euro nations, Denmark is merely pegged to the euro.
You might have thought that this lack of full commitment on Denmark’s part would exact a price in the form of higher interest rates — after all, someday Denmark might choose to devalue.
In fact, however, Danish borrowing costs are significantly lower than those in Finland and Austria.
To be fair, this could reflect fears that all euro countries will end up being contaminated by the problems of the periphery – say, by suffering large losses on loans between central banks.
But a more likely explanation is that Denmark is seen as a safer bet because it could, in a liquidity squeeze, turn to its own central bank for financing, ruling out the self-fulfilling crises that pose risks even to relatively strong euro area governments.
The bottom line here would seem to be that concerns about the euro based on optimum currency area theory were actually understated.
Members of a currency area, it turns out, should have high integration of bank guarantees and a system of lender of last resort provisions for governments as well as the traditional Mundell criterion of high labor mobility and the Kenen criterion of fiscal integration.
The euro area has none of these.
Making the euro workable I won’t try here to project the likely outcome of the euro crisis, since any such discussion will surely be overtaken by events.
Instead, let me ask what it might take to make the euro workable even if it isn’t optimal.
One answer would be full integration, American-style – a United States of Europe, or at least a “transfer union” with much more in the way of automatic compensation for troubled regions.
This does not, however, seem like a reasonable possibility for decades if not generations to come.
What about more limited fixes?
I would suggest that the euro might be made workable if European leaders agreed on the following: 1.
Europe-wide backing of banks.
This would involve both some kind of federalized deposit insurance and a willingness to do TARP-type rescues at a European level – that is, if, say, a Spanish bank is in trouble in a way that threatens systemic stability, there should be an injection of capital in return for equity stakes by all European governments, rather than a loan to the Spanish government for the purpose of providing the capital injection.
The point is that the bank rescues have to be severed from the question of sovereign solvency.
2.
The ECB as a lender of last resort to governments, in the same way that national central banks already are.
Yes, there will be complaints about moral hazard, which will have to be addressed somehow.
But it’s now painfully obvious that removing the option of emergency liquidity provision from the central bank just makes the system too vulnerable to self-fulfilling panic.
3.
Finally, a higher inflation target.
Why?
As I showed in Table 3, euro experience strongly suggests that downward nominal wage rigidity is a big issue.
This means that “internal devaluation” via deflation is extremely difficult, and likely to fail politically if not economically.
But it also means that the burden of adjustment might be substantially less if the overall Eurozone inflation rate were higher, so that Spain and other peripheral nations could restore competitiveness simply by lagging inflation in the core countries.
So maybe, maybe, the euro could be made workable.
This still leaves the question of whether the euro even should be saved.
After all, given everything I said, it looks increasingly as if the whole project was a mistake.
Why not let it break up?
The answer, I think, is mainly political.
Not entirely so – a euro breakup would be hugely disruptive, and exact high “transition” costs.
Still, the enduring cost of a euro breakup would be that it would amount to a huge defeat for the broader European project I described at the start of this talk – a project that has done the world a vast amount of good, and one that no citizen of the world should want to see fail.
That said, it’s going to be an uphill struggle.
The creation of the euro involved, in effect, a decision to ignore everything economists had said about optimum currency areas.
Unfortunately, it turned out that optimum currency area theory was essentially right, erring only in understating the problems with a shared currency.
And now that theory is taking its revenge.
REFERENCES De Grauwe, Paul, “Managing a fragile Eurozone”, VoxEU, May 2011.
Kenen, Peter: “The Theory of Optimum Currency Areas: An Eclectic View” in R.Mundell and A. Swoboda eds, Monetary Problems of the International Economy, The University of Chicago Press, 1969 Mundell, Robert: A theory of Optimum Currency Areas, American Economic Review, 51 (4), 1961   Table 1: Labor mobility in action MA share in US employment MA unemployment rate US unemployment rate 1986 2.70 4.0 7.0 1991 2.48 8.8 6.8 1996 2.43 4.6 5.4 Table 2: Florida and the Feds 2007 2010 Revenue paid to DC 136.5 111.4 Special unemployment benefits 0 2.9 Food stamps 1.4 5.1 Table 3: Hourly labor costs in the business sector, 2008=100 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 Estonia 73.1 87.8 100.0 98.2 96.2 100.7 Ireland 91.5 95.7 100.0 103.1 102.4 100.7 Latvia 62.8 81.7 100.0 99.9 97.1 100.3
The policy response to financial crisis has, in effect, given us a great natural experiment in macroeconomics — an experiment that can and should be viewed as a test of two views of the economy.
One view — which includes both freshwater macro and much of what Austrians say — is in effect classical macro as Keynes described it, in which the economy is always constrained by supply.
The other is a more or less Keynesian view in which a depressed economy is constrained by demand, not supply.
These two views had strong implications on three fronts.
One was interest rates: would large budget deficits drive rates up, as a classical view implied, or would they do no such thing under depression conditions?
A second was the effects of austerity (which has been much larger than the weak efforts at stimulus, and therefore provides the real test); would austerity policies release resources to the private sector, as per the classical view, or lead to economic contraction?
Finally, a third implication involved inflation: would large increases in the monetary base produce soaring inflation, again as classicists of all kinds claimed, or do no such thing under depression conditions?
You know how things have gone on the interest rate and austerity fronts.
Let’s do an update on inflation.
Early last year the inflationistas were yelling a lot; commodity prices had jumped, and they were shouting that high inflation was just around the corner, with much talk of debasing the currency and all that.
Whoops.
A couple of further points.
One refuge of some of the inflationistas has been to claim that the feds are cooking the data, that true inflation is much higher than reported.
You can take those claims apart in detail, but a simpler answer may be just to look at independent inflation measures, like MIT’s Billion Prices Index: No hint of book-cooking there.
One other thing that has become clear is the usefulness of the concept of core inflation.
The measures we have are imperfect reflections of the Platonic ideal; still, keeping your eye on core inflation has been a much better strategy than following the ups and downs of the headline rate: To be fair, I and other have been surprised by the stubborn persistence of low core inflation; if you’d asked me three years ago, I would have predicted slight deflation by now.
My current interpretation is that downward nominal wage rigidity is a bigger issue than we realized.
But this is a relatively small failure of prediction compared with the dire forecasts of soaring interest and inflation rates.
Finally, I just want to flag this for the record: Regardless of what the triumphant Keynesians would have you believe, my analysis continues to be that the current combination of monetary and fiscal stimulus is driving us toward disaster.
Instead of a real recovery, the US will experience an inflationary depression.
Europe, on the other hand, will suffer much less, precisely because it was not seduced by the short-term appeal of stimulus.
Yep.
A followup, for the purposes of a project I’m working on, on this post about falling government spending recently.
Here are two figures, both in natural logs: overall real government spending per capita, and state and local real government spending per capita, this time in levels rather than changes.
Overall government: State and local: One comparison I find instructive is between Obama and Reagan at this point in their presidencies, in each case compared with four years previous — which in each case roughly corresponds to the beginning of each era’s economic crisis (the double-dip recession that began in early 1980, the financial crisis that began in 2007 but really got serious in early 2008).
Here’s what it looks like: Much more government spending under Reagan.
Some of it was Reagan’s weaponized Keynesianism, some of it state and local — sustained in part by revenue-sharing that no longer exists, but also by a much greater willingness at the time to raise taxes on a temporary basis.
Just putting it there for the record.
I’m hearing from various sources that my rather mild-mannered post on Estonia has generated a vitriolic response from the nation’s president.
I’m not going to try to track the thing down.
Let me instead ask the following.
Since some people insist that Estonia’s partial — but only partial — recovery from a severe economic crisis demonstrates the wonders of austerity, would they also agree that the evidence below demonstrates the incredible success of FDR’s New Deal policies of promoting unions, raising wages, and increasing government employment?
Since Estonia has suddenly become the poster child for austerity defenders — they’re on the euro and they’re booming!
— I thought it might be useful to have a picture of what we’re talking about.
Here’s real GDP, from Eurostat: So, a terrible — Depression-level — slump, followed by a significant but still incomplete recovery.
Better than no recovery at all, obviously — but this is what passes for economic triumph?
Martin Wolf is shrill (and rightly so): Before now, I had never really understood how the 1930s could happen.
Now I do.
All one needs are fragile economies, a rigid monetary regime, intense debate over what must be done, widespread belief that suffering is good, myopic politicians, an inability to co-operate and failure to stay ahead of events.
Right on cue, the European Central Bank has declined to cut interest rates, or announce any other policies that might help.
Because what possible reason might there be to take action?
Oh, and survey data suggest that the euro area economy is really plunging now, plus Spain is on the brink.
What about inflation?
It’s falling fast — which is a bad thing under the circumstances.
I don’t think there’s any conceivable economic logic for the ECB’s decision.
It can only, I think, be understood as some kind of refusal to admit, even implicitly, that past decisions were wrong.
Like Martin Wolf, I’m starting to see how the 1930s happened.
An embedded version of Newsnight:  And a special.
I gave a book talk and signing at Barnes and Noble in Union Square last night, and B&N graciously had a book party just after.
Among the guests was a guy who gave a special performance — my photos came out too dark, but I’ll post better ones if someone provides them.
Meanwhile, here’s that guy singing the same song in better light:  A really, really nice guy, by the way; I was quite starstruck.
Update below Remember all the talk a few years back about how we wouldn’t repeat the mistakes of 1937, when FDR pulled back too soon on support for the economy?
Here, from FRED, is the rate of change of real government spending per capita (federal, state, and local): Gosh, I wonder why the economy is underperforming?
Update: Actually, a bit of a longer perspective may be useful.
Here’s the same number calculated directly from FRED, using rates of growth: Government current expenditures – GDP deflator (the right measure of inflation) – Growth in civilian noninstitutional population; I’ve left out the immediate post -WWII years because they would spread the scale so much that recent stuff becomes invisible: So we haven’t seen spending cuts like this since the demobilization that followed the Korean War.
On ABC’s This Week with George Stephanopoulos, from New York.
I assume it will go something like this:
A number of us have been saying for some time that the euro crisis is, at its root, a balance of payments problem.
During the careless years, capital flooded from the core to the periphery, leading to big trade deficits and overvalued real exchange rates; now, all that needs to be reversed.
Yet “internal devaluation” via deflation in southern Europe is basically impossible; if this is going to have any chance of working, we need a real devaluation in Spain mainly via German inflation rather than Spanish deflation.
4 percent German inflation plus zero in Spain might work; 2 and minus 2 can’t.
And this in turn means that overall eurozone inflation must be sufficiently high.
That’s a necessary but not sufficient condition for salvation; not sufficient because a banking crisis can still blow the thing apart, but necessary because you can’t resolve the banking crisis unless there’s some plausible path back to sustainable economies.
One indicator I like to look at is the German “breakeven” — the difference between the interest rate on ordinary German bonds and on bonds indexed to inflation (which it turns out means overall eurozone inflation).
This is an implicit market forecast of the inflation rates, and I’ve been arguing for a long time that it really needs to be above 2 for there to be real hope.
So what’s happening?
Oh, boy: I’m not sure this really means that investors expect only 0.7 percent inflation over the next 5 years; it’s probably also reflecting a collapse of liquidity, which drives down prices in the relatively thin markets for index bonds (which happened after Lehman too).
But that’s just another kind of disaster.
This chart shows a euro on the verge of imploding.
If the ECB can’t change this perception very, very soon — and I think it really is up to them — this goose is cooked.
As I get ready for my UK visit, one thing I’ve been puzzling over is the contrast in views between the US and the UK over the amount of economic slack.
In the US, structuralist obsessives aside, there’s widespread agreement that we have a large gap between actual and potential GDP.
In the UK, there’s much more pessimism.
What’s odd is that the data aren’t that different, especially if you look at wages (UK inflation numbers have been wildly distorted by changes in VAT etc.).
In the US, what we see is this: le Wage growth plunged after the slump, but stalled out at a low but positive number.
Is this stalling out evidence that we’re actually close to the NAIRU?
Probably not; instead, it reflects downward nominal rigidity, evidenced by the large number of workers getting zero wage change: So wages don’t fall, while some rise, causing the upward overall drift.
What about the UK?
Their wage data don’t quite match ours; the closest I’ve been able to come is the “regular pay” component of average weekly earnings, which I think is more cyclical than our hourly series.
Still, it basically looks a lot like us: Looking at the situation with an American eye, I see what looks like an economy operating far below potential, just like us, with wages still drifting upward thanks to a combination of the usual dispersion plus downward nominal rigidity.
And this is important: those pessimistic assessments of potential output play an important role in the UK austerity frenzy.
Remember the furor over liberal political correctness?
Yes, some of it was over the top — but it was mainly silly, not something that actually warped our national discussion.
Today, however, the big threat to our discourse is right-wing political correctness, which — unlike the liberal version — has lots of power and money behind it.
And the goal is very much the kind of thing Orwell tried to convey with his notion of Newspeak: to make it impossible to talk, and possibly even think, about ideas that challenge the established order.
Thus, even talking about “the wealthy” brings angry denunciations; we’re supposed to call them “job creators”.
Even talking about inequality is “class warfare”.
And then there’s the teaching of history.
Eric Rauchway has a great post about attacks on the history curriculum, in which even talking about “immigration and ethnicity” or “environmental history” becomes part of a left-wing conspiracy.
As he says, he’ll name his new course “US History: The Awesomeness of Awesome Americans.” That, after all, seems to be the only safe kind of thing to say.
Actually, this reminds me of an essay I read a long time ago about Soviet science fiction.
The author — if anyone remembers where this came from — noted that most science fiction is about one of two thoughts: “if only”, or “if this goes on”.
Both were subversive, from the Soviet point of view: the first implied that things could be better, the second that there was something wrong with the way things are.
So stories had to be written about “if only this goes on”, extolling the wonders of being wonderful Soviets.
And now that’s happening in America.
Watch out, Britain!
I’m on my way, and the Telegraph says that I’m a “false Messiah” with “Satanic intent”.
I wonder if someone will try sprinkling me with holy water, to see if I disappear in a cloud of acrid smoke.
Also, I’m going to propose creating a new course at Princeton: Economics 666.
Oh, on the substance: every objection the article raises is, of course, already answered in End This Depression Now!
I notice that the article ends up citing Raghuram Rajan as an authority for the case that the problem is structural.
I answered that one too.
So, should I change my beard style, and go for a goatee?
Link added.
OK, I see that Raghuram Rajan is now saying that “sensible” Keynesians see no easy solution to our depression, because A general increase in government spending may be too blunt – greater demand in New York is not going to help families eat out in Las Vegas (and hence create more restaurant jobs there).
Do people making arguments like this take even a moment to look at the actual data?
Reading Rajan here, you’d imagine that New York was close to full employment, that the unemployment problem was mainly in places like Nevada that had the worst housing bubbles.
And it’s true that Nevada, with an unemployment rate of 11.7 percent, leads the nation.
But New York has an unemployment rate of 8.5 percent!
Not exactly full employment.
More broadly, Rajan seems to believe that we are a nation with pockets of high unemployment, but not a broad national problem, so that you somehow need surgical policies to address the issue (which in practice is an excuse to do nothing.)
But here’s the distribution of US population among states with different levels of unemployment: More than half the US population lives in states with more than 8 percent unemployment.
Almost three-quarters lives in states with more than 7 percent unemployment.
Less than a tenth of the population lives in states with less than 6 percent unemployment.
We are not a nation with pockets of high unemployment.
We are a vast expanse of very high unemployment with a few pockets of not-so-high unemployment — exactly the kind of scene where broad-based expansionary policy is exactly the right thing to do.
Again, I find it astonishing that anti-expansion arguments are advanced without even a bit of data in support, when a few minutes of looking at that data would make the foolishness of the arguments obvious.
Why, it’s almost as if people are looking for reasons not to do anything, and aren’t interested in the facts.
A reader points me to this interview with Bill Gross.
Funny.
Gross’s lack of enchantment may have something to do with this.
Regular readers may recall that early last year Gross was predicting a big spike in interest rates when quantitative easing ended, and I argued that this was all wrong.
What struck me in that debate was how vituperative many of the reactions to my position were — despite the fact that this was very much a technical economics debate, albeit one that, like many economics debates, had some political implications.
So, I guess we know how that turned out.
Although maybe not, since I constantly encounter people — including investors!
— who insist that I’ve been wrong about everything.
(A lot of this seems to depend on assertions that I made predictions I never actually made).
Also, who you gonna bet on?
If Greece exits the euro, then what for the Greek economy?
Nobody knows!
But people do seem to know some things that aren’t so.
In particular, I keep reading that Argentina’s example is irrelevant, because Greece has hardly any exports.
I don’t know where that comes from, but it just ain’t so.
Here’s exports as as % of GDP, from the World Bank: What is true is that Greece doesn’t export a lot of goods.
But it exports a lot of services — shipping and tourism (pdf).
How might these respond to the devaluation of the new drachma?
Shipping volumes presumably wouldn’t change much — but since the prices would be in euros and dollars, they’d be worth more relative to Greek GDP, so that would be a boost.
Tourism — well, cheaper hotels could attract a lot of British and German package tours, as long as the political situation isn’t that chaotic.
This isn’t a prediction that everything will be fine, but it is a caution that the pessimism about Greek prospects once the turmoil is past may be overdone.
Apropos something I’m working on, there’s a very widespread belief on the right that banking crises only happen because either the Fed or Barney Frank cause them; go back to a gold standard, and there would be no need for financial regulation or anything like that.
This is, of course, nonsense; Walter Bagehot knew all about financial crises, which have been a constant feature of modern economies since at least the early 19th century.
Just to drive the point home, I thought it might be worth posting Gary Gorton’s chart (pdf) of “panics” before the Fed went into operation: Panics will happen; the question is how they are contained.
How do you assess stories about what’s going on in the economy?
You can go with your prejudices, of course.
You can turn to detailed econometric evidence — although my experience is that essentially nobody, including the econometricians, is convinced by that sort of thing.
But the way I usually try to do it is to ask whether the available facts fit the “signature” the story seems to imply — that is, do we see the general pattern that the argument would suggest we’d see?
Now consider the argument that our problems are mainly structural.
The way this story is usually told is that we had too many workers in the wrong industries, that we have to expect a depressed level of overall employment as workers are moved out of these “bloated” sectors.
OK, so what should be the signature of that story?
Surely it is that job losses should be concentrated in the bloated sectors, that employment should if anything be rising elsewhere — and wages should be rising in the unbloated sectors more rapidly than in the bloated ones.
So, let’s take a quick look at BLS data on employment and wages.
Here’s what we get on a first pass: Kind of looks like job losses everywhere, doesn’t it?
And on wages, Who’s bidding for workers?
You can try to refine this stuff by disaggregating, but on first pass the signature of a structural problem just isn’t there.
(And trust me, a closer look doesn’t do much better).
Or maybe people have some other structural story in mind — except that’s the one they like to tell in popular articles.
So why are these people so sure that it’s structural?
I know that it sounds wise and Serious to say that it is, but there is this matter of actual evidence; that evidence is strongly inconsistent with a structural story, and quite consistent with a demand story.
That doesn’t settle the case entirely, but in a better world it would go a long way toward resolving the argument.
Too bad we don’t live in that better world.
Cute interview with the Boston Globe.
It has become clear that one of the main forces behind the insistence on austerity as the answer to Europe’s problems is the belief among many German opinion leaders that their own experience in the last decade shows the way.
Here’s Josef Joffe: Why [should France emulate] the former German chancellor?
Because he dared tell his own electorate what neither Mr Hollande nor Nicolas Sarkozy would have uttered even on the rack.
Nine years ago, Mr Schröder warned his country: reduce social benefits, loosen up labour markets and accept individual responsibility – or else.
Then he carried through with his “Agenda 2010”.
And lo, Germany went from zero to 3 per cent growth in the two years before the crash – and back to 3 per cent thereafter.
So, how useful a role model is German adjustment in the 2000s?
It certainly did happen: But how did it happen?
I As I pointed out a couple of days ago, Germany got out of its turn-of-the-millennium doldrums by moving into a huge trade surplus, which is not possible for everyone now.
Even that, however, isn’t the whole story.
That trade surplus was possible because Germany had a large fall in its costs and prices relative to other euro countries.
Here’s the German real exchange rate using unit labor costs relative to the same measure for the euro zone as a whole, using OECD data (note to serious wonks: I know that’s not a perfect procedure, but I don’t have time to do it right — and I’m sure that the basics won’t change): What’s really striking from the current perspective, however, is that Germany was able to achieve this “internal devaluation” without anything resembling actual deflation: How was that possible?
The answer is that there was relatively high inflation in the European periphery thanks to those big capital flows from the core to the periphery.
Or to put it differently: Germany believes that its successful adjustment was the result of its own virtue, but in reality it was successful in large part because of an inflationary boom in the rest of Europe.
And here’s the thing: the Germans are now demanding that the European periphery replicate its achievement (and actually surpass it, because the required adjustment is much bigger) without providing a comparably favorable environment — they’re demanding that Spain and others do what they never did, which is deflate their way to competitiveness.
This is a road to disaster.
The things I do for book sales.
I debated, sort of, Ron Paul on Bloomberg.Video here.
I thought we might have a discussion of why the runaway inflation he and his allies keep predicting keeps not happening.
But no, he insisted (if I understood him correctly) that currency debasement and price controls destroyed the Roman Empire.
I responded that I am not a defender of the economic policies of the Emperor Diocletian.
Actually, though, appeals to what supposedly happened somewhere in the distant past are quite common on the goldbug side of economics.
And it’s kind of telling.
I mean, history is essential to economic analysis.
You really do want to know, say, about the failure of Argentina’s convertibility law, of the effects of Chancellor Brüning’s dedication to the gold standard, and many other episodes.
Somehow, though, people like Ron Paul don’t like to talk about events of the past century, for which we have reasonably good data; they like to talk about events in the dim mists of history, where we don’t really know what happened.
And I think that’s no accident.
Partly it’s the attempt of the autodidact to show off his esoteric knowledge; but it’s also the fact that because we don’t really know what happened — what really did go down during the Diocletian era?
— you can project what you think should have happened onto the sketchy record, then claim vindication for whatever you want to believe.
It’s funny, in a way — except that this sort of thinking dominates one of our two main political parties.
It’s Official: Keynes Was Right, says Henry Blodget.
Recent election results in Europe seem to have raised consciousness in a way literally years of economic data couldn’t: the austerity doctrine that has ruled European policy is a big fat failure.
I could have told you that would happen, and sure enough, I did.
Did I mention that after three years of dire warnings that the bond vigilantes are attacking, the interest rate on US 10-years remains below 2 percent?
It’s important to understand that what we’re seeing isn’t a failure of orthodox economics.
Standard economics in this case — that is, economics based on what the profession has learned these past three generations, and for that matter on most textbooks — was the Keynesian position.
The austerity thing was just invented out of thin air and a few dubious historical examples to serve the prejudices of the elite.
And now the results are in: Keynesians have been completely right, Austerians utterly wrong — at vast human cost.
I wish I could believe that this would really be enough for us to move on and consider what can be done, now that we know that the ideas behind recent policy were all wrong.
But that’s wishful thinking, I suppose.
Nobody ever admits that they were wrong, and Austerian ideas clearly have an emotional and political appeal that is resilient to any and all evidence.
Do you not know, my son, with how little wisdom the world is governed?
From Britain’s Office of National Statistics (pdf): When David Cameron became PM, and announced his austerity plans — buying completely into both the confidence fairy and the invisible bond vigilantes — many were the hosannas, from both sides of the Atlantic.
Pundits here urged Obama to “do a Cameron”; Cameron and Osborne were the toast of Very Serious People everywhere.
Now Britain is officially in double-dip recession, and has achieved the remarkable feat of doing worse this time around than it did in the 1930s.
Britain is also unique in having chosen the Big Wrong freely, facing neither pressure from bond markets nor conditions imposed by Berlin and Frankfurt.
Now, the defense I hear from Cameron apologists is that the austerity mostly hasn’t even hit yet.
But that’s really not much of a defense.
Remember, the austerity was supposed to work by inspiring confidence; where’s the confidence?
Basically, the expansionary aspect should already have kicked in; it’s all contraction from here.
Needless to say, Cameron and Osborne insist that they will not change course, which means that Britain will continue on a death spiral of self-defeating austerity.
Ben Bernanke responds to my magazine piece; as I see it, in effect he declared that he has been assimilated by the Fed Borg: I guess the, uh, the question is, um, does it make sense to actively seek a higher inflation rate in order to, uh, achieve a slightly increased pace of reduction in the unemployment rate?
The view of the committee is that that would be very, uh, uh, reckless.
We have, uh, we, the Federal Reserve, have spent 30 years building up credibility for low and stable inflation, which has proved extremely valuable, in that we’ve been able to take strong accommodative actions in the last four or five years to support the economy without leading to a, [indiscernible] expectations or destabilization of inflation.
To risk that asset, for, what I think would be quite tentative and, uh, perhaps doubtful gains, on the real side would be an unwise thing to do.
Notice the framing — “a slightly increased pace of reduction in the unemployment rate”.
It’s basically an assertion that we’re doing all right, maybe could do a bit better, but not worth endangering the Fed’s reputation — oh, and as long as we don’t have actual deflation, no problem.
This is not at all the tone of Bernanke’s Japan analysis; remember, Japan had nowhere near as high unemployment as we do, and his analysis back then was not simply focused on ending deflation.
Disappointing stuff.
Karl Smith is bemused; in two posts he asks what Wall Street thinks quantitative easing does, and apparently is getting a lot of vehemence but no coherence.
(I liked this comment: “Zero hedge commentary suggests the fed manipulates our very life blood, as ordered by the lizard men, in order to create infinite debt and establish a soviet central planning regime.”) I can’t help him here.
It might, however, be helpful to have a picture of what we’re talking about here.
The Cleveland Fed has a nice, continually updated chart on the Fed’s balance sheet.
Here’s the story up to now: There was a period when the Fed was lending a lot of money to banks under the TALF and all that — which is probably where the thing about giving the banks money comes from — but most of that has been repaid.
These days, QE is basically purchases of long-term federal debt and bonds issued by Fannie and Freddie, which is effectively also federal debt.
And these purchases have vast effects on the economy because … well, I share Karl Smith’s bemusement.
PS: Reading a few comments, I think it’s really important to emphasize that the Fed is only buying agency mortgage-backed securities — that is, the stuff that already has an implicit Federal guarantee.
A lot of readers seem to think that the Fed is buying subprime MBS or something like that, handing over money for worthless paper.
Not so.
These past few years have been lean times in many respects — but they’ve been boom years for agonizingly dumb, pound-your-head-on-the-table economic fallacies.
The latest fad — illustrated by this piece in today’s WSJ — is that expansionary monetary policy is a giveaway to banks and plutocrats generally.
Indeed, that WSJ screed actually claims that the whole 1 versus 99 thing should really be about reining in or maybe abolishing the Fed.
And unfortunately, some good people, like Daron Agemoglu and Simon Johnson, have bought into at least some version of this story.
What’s wrong with the idea that running the printing presses is a giveaway to plutocrats?
Let me count the ways.
First, as Joe Wiesenthal and Mike Konczal both point out, the actual politics is utterly the reverse of what’s being claimed.
Quantitative easing isn’t being imposed on an unwitting populace by financiers and rentiers; it’s being undertaken, to the extent that it is, over howls of protest from the financial industry.
I mean, where are the editorials in the WSJ demanding that the Fed raise its inflation target?
Beyond that, let’s talk about the economics.
The naive (or deliberately misleading) version of Fed policy is the claim that Ben Bernanke is “giving money” to the banks.
What it actually does, of course, is buy stuff, usually short-term government debt but nowadays sometimes other stuff.
It’s not a gift.
To claim that it’s effectively a gift you have to claim that the prices the Fed is paying are artificially high, or equivalently that interest rates are being pushed artificially low.
And you do in fact see assertions to that effect all the time.
But if you think about it for even a minute, that claim is truly bizarre.
I mean, what is the un-artificial, or if you prefer, “natural” rate of interest?
As it turns out, there is actually a standard definition of the natural rate of interest, coming from Wicksell, and it’s basically defined on a PPE basis (that’s for proof of the pudding is in the eating).
Roughly, the natural rate of interest is the rate that would lead to stable inflation at more or less full employment.
And we have low inflation with high unemployment, strongly suggesting that the natural rate of interest is below current levels, and that the key problem is the zero lower bound which keeps us from getting there.
Under these circumstances, expansionary Fed policy isn’t some kind of giveway to the banks, it’s just an effort to give the economy what it needs.
Furthermore, Fed efforts to do this probably tend on average to hurt, not help, bankers.
Banks are largely in the business of borrowing short and lending long; anything that compresses the spread between short rates and long rates is likely to be bad for their profits.
And the things the Fed is trying to do are in fact largely about compressing that spread, either by persuading investors that it will keep short rates at zero for a longer time or by going out and buying long-term assets.
These are actions you would expect to make bankers angry, not happy — and that’s what has actually happened.
Finally, how is expansionary monetary policy supposed to hurt the 99 percent?
Think of all the people living on fixed incomes, we’re told.
But who are these people?
I know the picture: retirees living on the interest on their bank account and their fixed pension check — and there are no doubt some people fitting that description.
But there aren’t many of them.
The typical retired American these days relies largely on Social Security — which is indexed against inflation.
He or she may get some interest income from bank deposits, but not much: ordinary Americans have fewer financial assets than the elite can easily imagine.And as for pensions: yes, some people have defined-benefit pension plans that aren’t indexed for inflation.
But that’s a dwindling minority — and the effect of, say, 1 or 2 percent higher inflation isn’t going to be enormous even for this minority.
No, the real victims of expansionary monetary policies are the very people who the current mythology says are pushing these policies.
And that, I guess, explains why we’re hearing the opposite.
It’s George Orwell’s world, and we’re just living in it.
The “safe asset shortage” meme has been gathering force lately, and is now the theme of a report from the IMF (pdf).
The idea is that low long-term interest rates for the United States, the UK, and basically every country with its own currency that doesn’t have large foreign-currency debts reflect the desperate search of investors for something safe to buy.
So, can I express some skepticism?
I don’t think this is wrong, exactly, but I suspect that the search for safety is a distinctly secondary factor here.
Surely the main point is that the major economies seem likely to remain depressed for a long time, and that as a result short-term interest rates are likely to stay low for a long time too — which means that long rates, which largely reflect expected short rates, are low right now.
Consider, as you always should in these times, the example of Japan.
Here’s 15 years of 10-year interest rates: That’s an extraordinarily low rate for a very long time — a low rate that persisted, by the way, despite downgrades from rating agencies and a more or less continual flow of claims that Japanese debt problems were going to come home to roost any day now.
So what explains this?
Safe assets didn’t seem to be in short supply in, say, 2005, when investors believed in the virtues of toxic waste.
But the key point about Japan is that anyone who bought and held those bonds made money, because short rates were close to zero throughout.
I guess my point is that the “safe asset” meme seems to imply that there’s some kind of market aberration in the high prices (and low yields) of bonds, that investors are willing to lose money because they’re frightened.
But most of what we’re seeing just reflects a perceived lack of good investment opportunities.
So Brad and I are having an interesting discussion — not sure if it rises to the level of a debate — about whether we’re really suffering from a shortage of safe assets.
Two points.
First, why look at equity valuations?
Why not look at risky bonds?
What you see there is a definite Bagehot moment in 2008-2009, aka the Oh-God-we’re-all-gonna-die period, but not thereafter: (I used junk bonds here, but the same pattern shows across the board).
Second, there’s the question of whether a simple expectations-of-low-short-term rates story can explain low long-term rates.
Well, here’s an exercise: take the CBO baseline forecast for unemployment and inflation.
No claims here that CBO has special wisdom, but it’s an example of what reasonable, middle-of-the-road people might expect.
Take a simple estimated Taylor rule, and assume that actual rates are the maximum of the Taylor number and zero.
Here’s what you get: Low rates for a long, long time, and even in the longer run still fairly low.
Now crank up the spreadsheet and ask what 10-year rate would be appropriate in a present value sense, ignoring risk and uncertainty and all that.
The answer is .. .
1.79 percent.
This doesn’t show that current rates are right, but it shows that they aren’t unreasonable given the expectation of a weak recovery.
You don’t need the safe asset shortage story.
Just to be clear, I’m not ideologically opposed to the safe asset thing.
I just wonder whether we aren’t violating Occam’s razor, adding stuff that the story doesn’t need.
PS: I meant to add that Brad’s Bagehot paper (pdf) is fantastic, although I think the Bagehot moment is behind us.
One of the remarkable things about the ongoing economic crisis is the way so many people have responded to events by adopting doctrines that would magnify our problems.
The woes of Spain and Ireland demonstrate that balanced budgets and low debt in good times offer no protection against crisis, so European leaders make tougher fiscal rules the core of their agenda.
The broader euro crisis demonstrates the downside of fixed exchange rates and inflexible monetary policy, so the right doubles down on the gold standard.
The financial meltdown demonstrates the need for effective bank regulation; the right demands even less government intervention.
And now, reading Luigi Zingales, I see a new one: just as experience is demonstrating that price stability is not enough, that central banks really need broader targets, there’s a push on to declare that the Fed should do price stability only.
Why is this precisely the wrong time for such a push?
Because the evidence is in: downward nominal rigidity is very much a reality.
I wrote about this recently, pointing to new work from the San Francisco Fed.
This work shows a large clustering of wage changes at precisely zero: And it also shows a sharp rise in the size of that cluster: And we know what these observations imply.
Quite a while back, Akerlof, Dickens and Perry (pdf) pointed out that if nominal wages are sticky downward, there is a real tradeoff, even in the long run, between inflation and unemployment; a low but positive inflation rate is consistent with a persistently depressed economy.
Yet a central bank with a single mandate would be all too likely to point to the stability of prices and declare its work done.
Add to this the likelihood that we need some inflation — and more than 2 percent — to avoid persistent liquidity traps, and you can see that a single mandate could well have disastrous effects.
The truth is that the Fed’s dual mandate is a saving grace of our current situation — and would be more of a saving grace if the Fed took the employment side of that mandate seriously.
Zingales (and others making similar proposals) are preaching precisely the wrong idea for the economy we have.
Last year, when Paul Ryan first made a big splash with his budget proposal, many commentators — some of them pretending to be moderates or at any rate only moderate conservatives — lavished praise on its fiscal responsibility.
Then people who actually know how to read budget numbers weighed in, revealing it as a piece of mean-spirited junk.
Now, on round two, the nature of the discussion has changed; instead of hearing about how wonderful Ryan is, we’re hearing about what a big meanie Obama is for saying nasty things about Ryan’s plan — a plan that is “imperfect” and maybe cuts a bit, but not really that bad.
Except that it really is that bad.
I could do this in detail, but you can learn everything you need to know by understanding two numbers: $4.6 trillion and 14 million.
Of these, $4.6 trillion is the size of the mystery meat in the budget.
Ryan proposes tax cuts that would cost $4.6 trillion over the next decade relative to current policy — that is, relative even to making the Bush tax cuts permanent — but claims that his plan is revenue neutral, because he would make up the revenue loss by closing loopholes.
For example, he would … well, actually, he refuses to name a single example of a loophole he wants to close.
So the budget is a fraud.
No, it’s not “imperfect”, it’s not a bit shaky on the numbers; it’s completely based on almost $5 trillion dollars of alleged revenue that are pure fabrication.
On the other side, 14 million is the minimum number of people who would lose health insurance due to Medicaid cuts — the Urban Institute, working off the very similar plan Ryan unveiled last year, puts it at between 14 and 27 million people losing Medicaid.
That’s a lot of people — and a lot of suffering.
And again, bear in mind that none of this would be done to reduce the deficit — it would be done to make room for those $4.6 trillion in tax cuts, and in particular a tax cut of $240,000 a year to the average member of the one percent..
But Obama is very rude for pointing any of this out.
Update: I see that some people are saying, “But taxes discourage work!” Um, that’s what the supply curve in the figure measures; if taxes didn’t have any effect on work, it would be a vertical line.
So President Obama is going after the Ryan plan; good.
And better yet, he’s taking on the underlying economic premise, which is that low taxes on the rich are the answer to, well, everything, and good for everyone.
For this premise is just bad economics.
I’ve written about this before, drawing on Diamond and Saez, but I thought I’d try a different take.
The way Diamond and Saez do the analysis is to argue that because the rich are rich, their marginal utility of income is very low, which means that at the margin their income doesn’t matter for social welfare.
So they should be taxed at the rate which maximizes revenue, which is 1/(1+ε) — where ε is the elasticity of labor supply from the rich.
And since we have a lot of evidence suggesting that ε is quite low, the appropriate tax rate for the rich is quite high — 70 percent or more.
But what if the rich in their Galtian goodness supply something nobody else can?
Call it J, for jobcreation.
Doesn’t the imperative to encourage J mean that we should keep their taxes low?
Actually, no.
So here’s my alternative way to think about it: we can think of society as a whole — or, if you like, society not including the top 0.1 percent — as having monopsony power over the rich.
The picture looks like this: The optimal thing, from the point of view of the non-rich, is to set a tax that makes the cost of hiring rich people to produce J equal to the true marginal cost of that J, a cost that includes the fact that buying more drives up the price of inframarginal purchases.
And if you grind through, you find that the optimal tax is … 1/(1+ε).
Even if the rich are uniquely able to supply the magic of jobcreation, they should face much higher taxes than they do.
And this is all perfectly standard economics — indeed, Econ 101.
So what’s the basis for claims that we must tax the rich lightly?
Often, it seems as if conservatives believe that there are somehow big positive externalities to what the rich do; it’s as if they believe that industrial policy is nonsense, unless the industry in question is jobcreation by the rich, in which case loose arguments about huge spillovers are just fine.
But the simple analytics say that we should soak the rich, hard.
I see that Scott Fullwiler has what he thinks is a slam-dunk refutation of what I’ve been saying about banking.
Actually, not.
Leave aside the continuing confusion between the argument that banks can create inside money — which nobody denies — and the claim that they can create unlimited amounts of inside money, never mind the size of the monetary base, which is what is at issue.
Oh, and you know, I do know about T-accounts.
Nick Rowe gets to the heart of it: when you push this argument, it always ends up with an appeal to the notion that the central bank will always supply as much monetary base as the markets demand, at a fixed interest rate.
As Nick says, under current central-bank operating strategies this is true in the very short run — the 6 weeks between open-market-committee meetings; but that’s just an operating-strategy issue.
What happens after 6 weeks?
It all depends on what the CB targets; this says nothing at all about how much traction monetary policy has on the economy at large.
One thing I might add, however, is that even the 6-week elastic supply of base is a decision — and has by no means always been true.
The Fed didn’t introduce Fed-funds targeting until the 1980s.
Before that, the interest rates at which banks could borrow additional reserves fluctuated day by day, often by a lot: So the critics here are mistaking a management technique the Fed uses for convenience — a management technique that it hasn’t always used in the past, and might not use in the future — as representing some kind of fundamental law about how monetary policy does or doesn’t work.
I’ve been rereading Larry Ball’s impressive and disturbing what-happened-to-Ben-Bernanke analysis — an analysis that, I happen to know, has caused much consternation in some circles.
(“Surely it can’t be just groupthink!
There must be very good reasons the Fed hasn’t done more!”) And I think there’s a way to further refine Ball’s analysis, making more sense of Bernanke’s retreat from earlier positions — albeit one that still doesn’t cast a very flattering light on the Fed.
The story past the jump.
Ball starts from what many of us already noted: Bernanke’s harsh early-naughties critique of the Bank of Japan’s inadequate response in the face of the zero lower bound — its “self-induced paralysis” — applies with almost eerie precision to the Bernanke Fed.
So the question is what happened.
Ball gets much more specific by pointing to an apparent shift in 2003, following an FOMC discussion of policy at the zero bound, in which BB appears to fully endorse the much more limited view of its policy options offered by Vincent Reinhart.
As Ball parses it, before that meeting BB endorsed, at least as possibilities: – Targeting long-term interest rates – Currency depreciation – Money financed deficit spending – A Krugman-style inflation target After 2003, however, his menu seemed to have been reduced to: – Guidance on future short-term rates (the rates the Fed sets) – Purchases of long-term bonds and other nonconventional assets – “Oversupplying reserves”, that is, just pushing up the monetary base Call these Menu A and Menu B.
Ball speculates about why BB was willing to give up on Menu A, and lays it down to small-group sociology; what he doesn’t say, unless I’ve missed something, is what defines the difference between Menu A and Menu B.
Well, here’s my take: Menu A involves the Fed setting targets that can be achieved only if the markets believe that it will persist with unconventional policies even as the economy recovers; ordering from Menu A requires, as I put it lo these many years ago, that the Fed “credibly promise to be irresponsible”.
Menu B, on the other hand, involves more or less mechanical actions that the Fed can definitely take.
Or if you like, Menu B is about instruments; menu A is about targets that the Fed might not succeed in hitting.
Now, what I just said about Menu A may not be totally obvious, so let’s go through the list.
First, what does it take to target long-term interest rates?
Since long rates are mainly determined by the expected path of short-term rates (but over a long horizon), it means making a more or less credible commitment to keep short rates low even when times look better.
So it’s a credibility thing.
Currency depreciation is much the same thing: the value of a currency depends largely on investors’ comparisons of expected returns over a longish horizon (in fact, many forecasting models use long-term interest differentials to drive the exchange rate).
So again, you can only keep your currency weak if you can credibly commit to low-interest policies far into the future; otherwise the markets will defy you (see what’s happening in Japan!)
Skipping ahead, inflation targeting — which was my original contribution here — is of course about credibility, since you don’t have immediate leverage over inflation while the economy is still depressed.
And what about money-financed deficits?
This sounds at first like something you can just do, not a commitment issue.
But here’s what you should ask: how do you know whether a deficit is money-financed?
As long as you’re in a liquidity trap, it doesn’t matter at all what it says on the zero-interest pieces of paper you issue; they may say that they’re dollar bills or they may say that they’re T-bills, but they’re completely fungible at the margin.
What matters is what happens after you emerge from the liquidity trap, and that depends on how the central bank acts: does it withdraw the monetary base it created when the economy was depressed, or does it let it stay out there and cause some inflation?
In other words, you don’t know whether a deficit was really money-financed or not until the zero bound is no longer binding, and hence the effectiveness of allegedly money-financed spending depends on expectations — again.
All this stands in sharp contrast to Menu B.
True, short-rate expectations are about the future — but they’re about the near future, so there’s much less of a credibility issue.
Having the Fed say that it will probably keep rates low until 2014 in the face of a depressed economy is very different from having it say that it will keep rates low until inflation hits 3 or 4 percent.
And the other items are not expectations-based at all; the Fed can just buy MBS and stuff the banks with reserve, and that’s a fact, whatever the consequences may be.
So now we can ask, why has the Fed been willing to go for Menu B but not Menu A?
Well, Ben Bernanke answered that question — not about himself, but about the Bank of Japan, which back in 2001 he described as being unwilling to announce a target it wasn’t sure it knew how to achieve.
He castigated the BoJ for this attitude, for being unwilling “to try anything that isn’t absolutely guaranteed to work”.
And then he became a central banker himself.
You can see where I’m going here.
Menu B is, if you like, safer for the Fed than Menu A, because it is defined in terms of actions rather than results; the Fed can point to what it is doing, rather than announce a target for long-term rates or inflation that it might fail to hit.
So Menu B serves institutional objectives better.
Unfortunately, it doesn’t do the job for the economy.
To be fair, we don’t know that Menu A would, in fact, be sufficient.
But Benanke the Younger — BB before he was assimilated by the Fedborg — would have said that this was no reason not to try.
Steve Keen has a new post up (with a link to a new paper) about Minksyan (Minskyite?)
economics, and how people like me get it wrong.
Good for him; debates like this are always productive, and I wish domestic responsibilities weren’t keeping me from going to the Berlin conference.
What I can do, however, is offer some brief notes on what puzzles me here, and why, I guess, I’ll never be a true Minskyite in Keen’s sense.
So, first of all, my basic reaction to discussions about What Minsky Really Meant — and, similarly, to discussions about What Keynes Really Meant — is, I Don’t Care.
I mean, intellectual history is a fine endeavor.
But for working economists the reason to read old books is for insight, not authority; if something Keynes or Minsky said helps crystallize an idea in your mind — and there’s a lot of that in both mens’ writing — that’s really good, but if where you take the idea is very different from what the great man said somewhere else in his book, so what?
This is economics, not Talmudic scholarship.
And then the question is, how should one do economics?
I wrote about this a long time ago.
In that piece, written around 1991, I laid out some rules for research; for now, let me just focus on the search for simplicity.
I always try to find the simplest representation I can of whatever story I’m trying to tell about the economy.
The goal, in particular, is to identify which assumptions are really crucial — and in so doing to catch yourself when you’re making implicit assumptions that can’t stand clear scrutiny.
Keen doesn’t seem to be doing that.
His paper contains a number of assertions about what is crucial, without much explanation of why these things are crucial.
And I guess I just don’t see it.
In particular, he asserts that putting banks in the story is essential.
Now, I’m all for including the banking sector in stories where it’s relevant; but why is it so crucial to a story about debt and leverage?
Keen says that it’s because once you include banks, lending increases the money supply.
OK, but why does that matter?
He seems to assume that aggregate demand can’t increase unless the money supply rises, but that’s only true if the velocity of money is fixed; so have we suddenly become strict monetarists while I wasn’t looking?
In the kind of model Gauti and I use, lending very much can and does increase aggregate demand, so what is the problem?
Keen then goes on to assert that lending is, by definition (at least as I understand it), an addition to aggregate demand.
I guess I don’t get that at all.
If I decide to cut back on my spending and stash the funds in a bank, which lends them out to someone else, this doesn’t have to represent a net increase in demand.
Yes, in some (many) cases lending is associated with higher demand, because resources are being transferred to people with a higher propensity to spend; but Keen seems to be saying something else, and I’m not sure what.
I think it has something to do with the notion that creating money = creating demand, but again that isn’t right in any model I understand.
My point is that there seems to be a lot of implicit theorizing going on here — and at least at first glance, the implicit theorizing doesn’t make a lot of sense.
I could be wrong, but that’s the whole point of simple models: to lay bare what you’re assuming, and make it clear what, specifically, is driving your conclusions.
I hope someone in Berlin presses Keen on all this.
Reading the comments on my Steve Keen post, I had an insight: banking is where left and right meet.
Both the Austrians — who believe that whatever the market does is right, unless it’s fractional reserve banking, which is somehow terrible — and the self-proclaimed true Minskyites view banks as institutions that are somehow outside the rules that apply to the rest of the economy, as having unique powers for good and/or evil.
I guess I don’t see it that way.
As I (and I think many other economists) see it, banks are a clever but somewhat dangerous form of financial intermediary, one that exploits the law of large numbers to offer a better tradeoff between liquidity and returns, but does so at the cost of taking on very high leverage, with all the risks that entails.The super-high leverage of banks, and the role of bank deposits as a key form of liquid assets, means that banks broadly defined are usually central players in financial crises.
But that’s a quantitative thing, not a qualitative thing.
For in the end, banks don’t change the basic notion of interest rates as determined by liquidity preference and loanable funds — yes, both, because the message of IS-LM is that both views, properly understood, are correct.
Banks don’t create demand out of thin air any more than anyone does by choosing to spend more; and banks are just one channel linking lenders to borrowers.
I know I’ll get the usual barrage of claims that I don’t understand banking; actually, I think I do, and it’s the mystics who have it wrong.
So, is there still a lot of slack in U.S. labor markets?
On the face of it, that seems an absurd question to ask, given the persistence of very high unemployment and an employment-population ratio far below pre-crisis levels.
Yet it is being asked, partly because we don’t see strong evidence of falling inflation.
But how good a criterion is that?
Sharply rising inflation would be one thing — but we don’t see that either.
And there’s actually pretty good evidence that inflation tends to stall out at low but positive levels in the face of prolonged slumps.
Let me add something more to the mix: the case of Canada in the early 1990s, the subject of a classic analysis at the time by Pierre Fortin.
For idiosyncratic reasons, Canada imposed tight monetary and fiscal policy, leading to a very severe slump in employment: As you can see, however, employment eventually recovered.
And if you look at real GDP, this looks very much like a temporary (if prolonged) cyclical downturn.
In the figure below I use trend growth from 1973 to 1990 as a baseline — starting in 73 because everyone experienced a productivity slowdown starting then.
And what it suggests is that by 2000 Canada was more or less back on the previous trend: So did Canada experience continuing disinflation, heading toward deflation, as the slump persisted?
Actually, no.
Inflation fluctuated, even though the economy was nowhere near capacity until the late 1990s: And wages never fell, indeed continued to rise, a phenomenon Fortin attributed to downward nominal stickiness plus dispersion: I’d argue that Canada in the 1990s is a good model for America now: a severely depressed economy, suffering very much from lack of aggregate demand, in which the effects of downward nominal rigidity can all too easily be misinterpreted as signs that there isn’t actually a lot of slack.
And the way to test this is to expand demand and see what happens; yes, there are some risks if I’m wrong (which I’m not!
), but compare those with the risks of letting the economy stay depressed for no good reason.
Another post from my colleague Kim Lane Scheppele, after the jump.
Hungary’s Free Media Kim Lane Scheppele March 14, 2012 On March 15, Hungarians are celebrating a major national holiday, commemorating the 1848 revolution that sought independence from the Habsburg Empire.
On that day, revolutionaries famously printed their “Twelve Points” on the printing presses of Landerer and Heckenast in Pest and distributed them around the city.
The first demand among the twelve?
Freedom of the press and an end to censorship!
On Hungarian Free Press Day, then, it is appropriate to ask: Is there media freedom today in Hungary?
The Fidesz government says yes.
Come to Hungary and see, Prime Minister Viktor Orbán told the European Parliament in January.
.
But critics say no.
A recent Washington Post op-ed piece by Mark Palmer, Miklós Haraszti and Charles Gati even called for the recreation of Radio Free Europe to beam accurate news into Hungary again.
The Prime Minister is right – on the surface.
Foreigners who come to Budapest cannot help but be impressed when they review the media landscape.
For a small country with a small language, the sheer volume of Hungarian press offerings can make one’s head spin.
Newspapers and magazines span the political spectrum.
The largest circulation newspaper, the Népszabadság (literally, People’s Freedom), is routinely critical of the government.
The HvG (which stands for Heti Világgazdaság, or Weekly World Economy) also publishes accurate news that the government does not like.
Many Hungarians get their news from two online news portals: Index.hu and Origo.hu, without any obvious government “spin.” And there are too many more to list.
Government-supportive publications, of course, are everywhere too: the Magyar Nemzet (Hungarian Nation) and the Magyar Hírlap (Hungarian News) cap a roster that could go on for pages.
When I was in Budapest recently, I was mobbed by journalists, even though it is fair to say I have not been the government’s favorite person.
A wall of cameras greeted me at my announced public appearances; interviews with me appeared in many Hungarian newspapers and magazines .
I couldn’t even begin to say yes to all of the interview requests I got while I was in Budapest.
If the media weren’t free, how could that be possible?
The media sure look free.
And many act free.
Media freedom is real because the press has continued to publish hard-hitting reports, documenting the Fidesz consolidation of power.
If people want to know what is happening in Hungary, they can find out from the Hungarian media.
But press freedom is also an illusion.
Journalists who refuse to repeat the party line are operating under both legal and financial threat.
They publish in an environment of insecurity and fear.
The broadcast media consist almost entirely of government-friendly outlets.
A privately funded pro-Fidesz television empire (like Fox News in the US) was supplemented by Fidesz control of the public channels after they took office.
The only broadcasters not in the government’s pocket are ATV, a surprisingly liberal television network owned by Pat Robertson and his 700 Club, and KlubRádió, an independent station that has been in constant danger of being pushed off the air by battles over its broadcast frequency.
Just today, however, KlubRádió won the latest round of a court battle to keep its current frequency.
In December, another media company, completely new to the scene with owners no one in the Hungarian media world knew, had won a government tender for the frequency by outbidding KlubRádió.
Now, an administrative law judge has ruled that the winners of that tender should be disqualified for having technical violations in their application.
That gives KlubRádió, which came in second, the frequency.
So Klubrádió may live to broadcast another day.
They still have serious financial troubles and have been seeking donations to stay on the air.
Outside the broadcast spectrum, one can find real media pluralism that does not appear to be under constant challenge.
But even the largest print and online news outlets have smaller audiences than those claimed by the broadcast media.
Hungary has a media landscape similar to Russia’s, where the government also says the press is free by pointing to the publications that criticize the government (on tiny budgets with limited circulation) while the government exercises almost total control over the media that reach the most people.
The government of Viktor Orbán wasted no time when it came to power in spring 2010 in attempting to gain control over the media.
The Fidesz government rewrote the media laws and has come in for sustained and widespread criticism ever since both from inside the country and from foreign critics.
The new media laws create an all-powerful Media Council, which has no members on its board who might be considered friendly to the independent press.
The chair was named by the Prime Minister and its members have been elected by the reliable two-thirds supermajority of the Fidesz-dominated Parliament – all for nine-year terms.
Even if another party can come to power after the next election (scheduled for 2014), a new government will still have to govern with the Fidesz-only Media Council.
The Media Council exercises far-reaching supervision over the whole media sector.
Its jurisdiction reaches broadcast and print, public and private, even online media.
It controls the assignment of all frequencies, monitors content across the media landscape and wields the power to levy large fines for violations of the rules.
It dictates that news media must carry the news distributed by the state-controlled news service MTI, which only gingerly reports criticism of the government.
The Media Council regulates media content through vague standards.
In particular, each media outlet must demonstrate overall political “balance” in its coverage of the news.
And balance is determined by a Media Council that is not itself politically balanced.
In addition, the media may not infringe the human dignity of those whom they cover, and also may not “incite hatred against any nation, community, national, ethnic, linguistic or other minority or any majority as well as any church or religious group.” Asking the media to respect vulnerable minorities is not unusual in Europe, but protecting majorities?
That is novel.
Morals regulations are also included in the list of media restrictions.
The media may not broadcast sex or violence, or programs that put young viewers in fear, except under restricted circumstances.
In particular, “programs which may seriously impair the physical, mental or moral development of minors” may never be aired.
Media outlets also “shall act as required by good faith and fairness.” Hungary is alone among European countries in requiring the media to adhere, under pain of penalty from a partisan media regulator, to the values of balance, human dignity, good faith and fairness.
Of course, all of those values are admirable.
But they are also general enough to leave substantial room for interpretation, and the interpretation of these vague standards is in the hands of the Fidesz-only Media Council.
If a media organization violates the rules, it may be fined up to about $100,000 USD per violation.
And these fines cannot be challenged in any ordinary court.
That said, a decision of the Constitutional Court in December 2011 declared unconstitutional the content restrictions as they apply to the print media, saying that they constituted an undue limitation on freedom of the press.
But the Court declared the law unconstitutional only “prospectively,” which means that this unconstitutional legal framework can stay in force through May 2012 to give the government a chance to revise it.
Since then, the Media Council has devolved some of its powers to self-regulating bodies within the printed press, online media and advertising industry.
But the Media Council reserves the right to revoke that devolution and take back the power with only 30 days’ notice to those whom they regulate.
This devolution, while welcome, is not a long-term answer to what the government will do to comply with the Constitutional Court decision once the law under which this devolution occurs goes out of force in May.
Unfortunately, however, the Constitutional Court lost its powers to review laws in this way when the new constitution came into effect on January 1.
As a result, if the Parliament simply reenacts the same law empowering the Media Council again and devolving power in this precarious way (or even keeping all of the power for itself), the Constitutional Court could not easily declare the law unconstitutional again.
Important as the media laws are, however, they are only part of the story.
Perhaps even more important to the survival of the independent media are the financial pressures under which they operate, where they are encouraged by the government to be free (in a different way).
Free (in English) carries a double meaning.
“Free” can mean without restriction and it can also mean without cash.
The Hungarian media may not be fully free in what they can publish, but they are expected to operate free of cash.
Most Hungarian independent media are barely able to survive financially.
Their precarious economic condition has been brought about not by free markets, however, but by political pressures.
After the 2010 election, a sudden drop in advertising revenue hit the independent media.
Why would a change of government affect advertising?
In most western democracies, changes of government have no such influence, but in Hungary, the effects were major.
First, the biggest media advertiser, across the board, is the government itself.
From promoting tourism to public transportation to national theater productions to the national lottery, the Hungarian government has long supported both print and broadcast as well as both public and private media.
Since the transition from communism, the robust media scene has been operating with what is in effect a large state subsidy.
Press freedom in most democratic countries doesn’t usually rely so heavily on government advertising support but, in Hungary, state funding of the private media through advertising had gone without saying for 20 years.
If the government wanted to wean the press from public support generally, that might have been understandable in these tough budget times.
But the Fidesz government withdrew government advertising only from the media that are critical of the government.
It is still giving large amounts of advertising revenue to the Fidesz-friendly media.
Moreover, privatized businesses run by close associates of the government, like the Hungarian bank OTP and the oil company MOL, have also cut their substantial advertising in the independent media.
The independent media might have been able to survive the public cuts.
But private money going to the independent media dried up too.
In my recent trip to Budapest, I talked with many business leaders and journalists who said the same thing: no private business that advertises in the independent media can expect to receive government contracts.
Where nearly 2% of GDP comes from EU “cohesion funds” (administered locally through Hungarian government contracts) and where other government funds constitute a big chunk of the economy beyond that, it is nearly impossible for private businesses to say that they will forego government contracts.
So they stop advertising in unapproved media or risk being blacklisted.
How does the government communicate where it is permissible for advertisers to advertise?
Everyone knows the “Lucky Joker” rule.
The sign of the Hungarian lottery The Lucky Joker is one of the lottery games run by the state.
And the Lucky Joker rule says that private businesses are safe if they advertise where the lottery advertises.
Lottery advertising used to be everywhere.
But now, lottery advertising is limited to the Fidesz-friendly media.
If businesses advertise in media outlets that do not carry lottery advertising, they do so at their peril.
When I was in Budapest, I thought I would ask the government about the rule.
In an interview on February 1 with Zoltán Kovács, PhD, State Secretary for Government Communications, he did not challenge my description of the way that the Lucky Joker rule operates even though he challenged virtually everything else I said.
That’s not a confirmation.
But it is also not a denial.
Publicly, of course, the government says that it wants the media to be free.
But the independent media are encouraged to be free in the sense of operating without income rather than in the sense of operating without constraint.
And that is precisely why the government doesn’t need to openly shut down the independent media or engage in ham-handed tactics of overt censorship.
The Media Council’s threats have been largely unrealized in practice.
In fact, the government can even point to the existence of these financially teetering independent media enterprises as proof that the market for independent media is small.
And Fidesz can say that it is ridding Hungary of the last vestiges of communism by removing advertising subsidies to private media outlets.
Meanwhile, behind the scenes, the government can make the Lucky Joker rule widely known, so that advertising revenue for the independent media disappears.
When these media outlets eventually go bankrupt, the government will blame free markets.
So far, European criticism of the Hungarian government’s media policy has focused on the media laws.
But even if European pressures force the government to change these laws, the Hungarian government will still have a joker up its sleeve.
My posts on the North Dakota energy boom, and its lack of implications for state that actually have a significant number of people, have gotten quite a few comments.
So I’ve hit on what I think is a useful comparison: North Dakota versus Pennsylvania.
You see, PA has also had a significant resource boom, thanks to fracking.
Here’s employment in mining and logging: They’re actually just about equal-sized booms.
But the impact on unemployment is, well, not the same: The reason, of course, is that Pennsylvania has around 20 times as many people as North Dakota.
And what this shows is that even if you believe in claims that lifting environmental restrictions and all that would lead to a big expansion in drilling, mining, and all that, the effect on overall US employment would be tiny; using North Dakota as a model is just silly.
Judging from comments on my North Dakota post, there’s a lot of confusion about when and why differences in scale make comparisons between economies invalid.
The crucial thing to get is that size per se isn’t the issue; it’s whether what is going on in the small economy could be replicated in the large economy.
I mean, we all know that airplane designs can be tested with miniature models in wind tunnels, that tsunamis can be modeled in tanks that fit in a (large) room, and so on.
Small-scale versions of big phenomena are perfectly OK.
The baby-sitting coop teaches us a lot about the global economic slump.
But when you’re looking at, say, a resource boom — which is what North Dakota is all about — you have to ask whether a comparable resource boom is possible in a much more populous state, or the United States as a whole.
One commenter declared that there’s as much oil under California as there is under North Dakota; quite possibly.
The question is, how big a deal would extracting that oil be in a state with 50 times North Dakota’s population; how much difference would it make to, say, the state unemployment rate?
And the answer of course is virtually none.
To have a North Dakota-type boom in California you’d have to find 50 times as much oil; to have it nationally you’d have to find 500 times as much.
Not likely.
And this is how you want to think about other examples.
Is Iceland too small to be a useful model for other crisis countries?
Well, it could be; Iceland’s export sector is, thanks to its small size, not very diverse, and if the recovery had been all about fish, or aluminum, it wouldn’t be much of a lesson to anyone else.
As it happens, however, that’s not what it’s about.
I guess the general point is that when trying to learn from some country or region’s experience, you should always ask, “Is this place a reasonably good model for other places?” It’s not a matter of head counts or acreage, it’s about the story.
Via Mark Thoma, Daron Acemoglu and James Robinson react to Allan Meltzer claiming that the top one percent is surging everywhere, even in Sweden, so it’s not a proper political issue.
As Acemoglu and Robinson say, there’s other strange stuff in Meltzer; how does a rising premium for education explain soaring shares for a tiny segment of the highly educated?
But as they say, the premise about a global shock doesn’t stand up to evidence — not even the evidence Meltzer presents.
And you have no business talking about international income distribution if you don’t know about the invaluable World Top Incomes Database.
What does this database tell us about Sweden versus America?
Hey, it looks just the same — or, actually, not.
Yes, the top one percent has risen a bit in Sweden.
But how anyone could look at this and see the story as similar boggles the mind.
I don’t look at the WSJ much these days; it really has gone downhill since you-know-who took over, and I find that I almost never find anything there that isn’t covered better either in the Times or in the FT.
But following a link to Allan Meltzer led to to a report that’s bad even by current WSJ standards: Stephen Moore telling us to compare California with North Dakota to see what works economically.
Because a resource boom in a state whose total population is basically that of one neighborhood in LA, as compared with a slump caused by the mother of all housing bubbles and its aftermath, totally shows that free markets rool.
Incidentally, California’s job gain since the bottom in 2009 is, if I’m not mistaken, bigger than the entire adult population of North Dakota.
Via Brad DeLong, I see that the Kochs are trying to take over Cato, which they view as insufficiently hackish.
They must have high standards in this regard; after all, Cato is, among other things, a place that had something called the Project on Social Security Privatization, which it renamed the Project on Social Security Choice when it turned out that “privatization” polled badly — and tried to purge its records, to make it look as if they had never used the word privatization.
But what really struck me was that among the people the Kochs have tried to place on the board is John Hinderaker of Powerline.
Hinderaker is best known for this: It must be very strange to be President Bush.
A man of extraordinary vision and brilliance approaching to genius, he can’t get anyone to notice.
He is like a great painter or musician who is ahead of his time, and who unveils one masterpiece after another to a reception that, when not bored, is hostile.
But what I remember best is his sneering dismissal of any suggestion that there might be a housing bubble, or that falling home prices would do any economic damage.
So now we know what it takes to get big support from the Kochs.
A followup on the effects of austerity at the state and local government level, which have led to a decline in government purchases of goods and services that stands in stark contrast to earlier recoveries.
I pursued this a bit more, and have a startling calculation to offer.
Let’s look at the comparison between government purchases in the Reagan “Morning in America” recovery and the current recovery: At this point in the Reagan recovery government spending had risen 11.6 percent; this time around it’s actually down by 2.6 percent.
So if we had followed the Reagan track, spending would be almost 15 percent higher.
Since government spending on goods and services is about $3 trillion a year, spending on the Reagan track would have meant more than $340 billion more in direct government demand, or more than 2 percent of GDP.
Include the multiplier effect, and we would have expected real GDP to be something like 3 percent higher — and given Okun’s Law, the unemployment rate to be 1.5 percentage points lower, or something like 7 percent.
How does this compare with the Reagan recovery at a corresponding stage?
Hmmm: So what my calculation suggests is that if it weren’t for austerity, American style — the result of the failure to provide sufficient aid to state and local governments — we might well have an unemployment rate right now that was lower than unemployment at the comparable stage of “Morning in America”.
Via Mark Thoma, Antonio Fatas has a good piece on the exceptional weakness of government spending in this recovery.
I thought I might add to that observation.
Let’s look at real government consumption and investment spending — basically purchases of goods and services — from all levels of government during three recoveries: the current expansion, the Bush Boom (such as it was), and Morning in America.
Here’s what you get: Which one is different?
Now, this doesn’t include safety-net spending, which has indeed soared in this slump.
But actual government purchases have been uniquely weak, largely because of budget distress at the state and local level.
And think of the way conservatives love to contrast Obama’s recovery with Reagan’s.
It is, of course, a stupid comparison: the Reagan recession was brought on by very high interest rates, and a quick recovery took place when the Fed loosened up, whereas the 2007-2009 slump was a financial crisis that occurred despite low rates, leaving little room for Fed action.
But it’s also true that when it came to government spending, Reagan was in effect much more Keynesian than Obama.
I expect to see this chart in the Wall Street Journal soon.
Also, Winter Olympics held in Hell.
The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget – not my favorite people, but they can do their arithmetic – has put together evaluations of the four remaining GOP candidates’ tax and spending plans.
Annoyingly, however, they compare these plans to a so-called “realistic baseline” that assumes, among other things, that all the Bush tax cuts are made permanent.
So for all the talk of the urgency of deficit control, the need to cut basic social insurance programs, the CRFB is in effect willing to accept as a fait accompli the biggest, most gratuitous budget-busting action of the past couple of decades.
How to fix this?
One way would be a current-law comparison, which would involve allowing all the Bush tax cuts to expire.
But it also seems to me useful to compare the Republican plans with the Obama administration’s plan, which would at least allow the high-end tax cuts to expire.
How does debt under this plan compare with the four Republicans?
Well, here’s debt as a percentage of GDP in 2021 (using the OMB numbers (pdf) for Obama and CRFB for the others): Yep: as Republicans yell about Obama’s deficits and cry that we’re turning into Greece, Greece I tell you, all of them, all of them, propose making the deficit bigger.
And for what?
For reverse Robin-Hoodism, taking from the poor and the middle class to lavish huge tax cuts on the rich.
And I believe that all of them know this, too.
It’s pure hypocrisy – and it’s all in the service of class warfare waged on behalf of the top 0.1 or 0.01 percent of the income distribution.
Digby sends us to Chris Mooney on how conservatives become less willing to look at the facts, more committed to the views of their tribe, as they become better-educated: For Republicans, having a college degree didn’t appear to make one any more open to what scientists have to say.
On the contrary, better-educated Republicans were more skeptical of modern climate science than their less educated brethren.
Only 19 percent of college-educated Republicans agreed that the planet is warming due to human actions, versus 31 percent of non-college-educated Republicans.
… But it’s not just global warming where the “smart idiot” effect occurs.
It also emerges on nonscientific but factually contested issues, like the claim that President Obama is a Muslim.
Belief in this falsehood actually increased more among better-educated Republicans from 2009 to 2010 than it did among less-educated Republicans, according to research by George Washington University political scientist John Sides.
The same effect has also been captured in relation to the myth that the healthcare reform bill empowered government “death panels.” According to research by Dartmouth political scientist Brendan Nyhan, Republicans who thought they knew more about the Obama healthcare plan were “paradoxically more likely to endorse the misperception than those who did not.” What this made me think about was the way Christy Romer ended her excellent speech (pdf) laying out what we know about the effects of fiscal policy.
: The one thing that has disillusioned me is the discussion of fiscal policy.
Policymakers and far too many economists seem to be arguing from ideology rather than evidence.
As I have described this evening, the evidence is stronger than it has ever been that fiscal policy matters—that fiscal stimulus helps the economy add jobs, and that reducing the budget deficit lowers growth at least in the near term.
And yet, this evidence does not seem to be getting through to the legislative process.
That is unacceptable.
We are never going to solve our problems if we can’t agree at least on the facts.
Evidence-based policymaking is essential if we are ever going to triumph over this recession and deal with our long-run budget problems.
What Chris Mooney is telling us is that this is a vain hope.
Highly educated political conservatives — and this includes conservative economists — are going to be less persuadable by empirical evidence than the man or woman in the street.
The more holes you poke in doctrines like expansionary austerity or supply-side economics, the more committed they will get to those doctrines.
This debate isn’t going to be won by rational argument.
This is not original, but for reference I find some charts useful.
In what follows I show data for the euro area minus Malta and Cyprus — 15 countries.
I use red bars for the GIPSIs — Greece, Ireland, Portugal, Spain, IrelandItaly — and blue bars for everyone else.
There are basically three stories about the euro crisis in wide circulation: the Republican story, the German story, and the truth.
The Republican story is that it’s all about excessive welfare states.
How does that hold up?
Well, let’s look at public social expenditures as a share of GDP in 2007, before the crisis, from the OECD Factbook: Hmm, only Italy is in the top five — and Germany’s welfare state was bigger.
OK, the German story is that it’s about fiscal profligacy, running excessive deficits.
From the IMF WEO database, here’s the average budget deficit between 1999 (the beginning of the euro) and 2007: Greece is there, and Italy (although its deficits were not very big, and the ratio of debt to GDP fell over the period).
But Portugal doesn’t stand out, and Spain and Ireland were models of virtue.
Finally, let’s look at the balance of payments — the current account deficit, which is the flip side of capital inflows (also from the IMF): We’re doing a lot better here — especially when you bear in mind that Estonia, a recent entrant to the euro, had an 18 percent decline in real GDP between 2007 and 2009.
(See Edward Hugh on why you shouldn’t make too much of the bounceback.)
What we’re basically looking at, then, is a balance of payments problem, in which capital flooded south after the creation of the euro, leading to overvaluation in southern Europe.
It’s not a perfect fit — Italy managed to have relatively high inflation without large trade deficits.
But it’s the main way you should think about where we are.
And the key point is that the two false diagnoses lead to policies that don’t address the real problem.
You can slash the welfare state all you want (and the right wants to slash it down to bathtub-drowning size), but this has very little to do with export competitiveness.
You can pursue crippling fiscal austerity, but this improves the external balance only by driving down the economy and hence import demand, with maybe, maybe, a gradual “internal devaluation” caused by high unemployment.
Now, if you’re running a peripheral nation, and the troika demands austerity, you have no choice except the nuclear option of leaving the euro, coming soon to a Balkan nation near you.
But non-GIPSI European leaders should realize that what the GIPSIs really need is a general European reflation.
So let’s hope that they get this, and also give each of us a pony.
What inspired my last post was the work by Bob Hall and Valerie Ramey using changes in defense spending to try to get at Keynesian effects.
(See Christy Romer’s speech (pdf) for references and an extended discussion).
Why do this?
Because, as Christy makes clear, you really want natural experiments: big changes in government spending that aren’t a response to economic conditions.
And basically wars and military buildups — and then the downsizing after the war — are the only times this has happened in America.
Elsewhere, you get austerity programs, which offer another set of natural experiments.
The Hall approach is to compare changes in real defense spending as a percentage of the previous year’s GDP with the actual percentage growth in real GDP.
Over the period 1930-1962 — no point going further, since there hasn’t been a good case since the Korean War — it looks like this: Clearly, expansionary policy is expansionary, and contractionary policy is contractionary.
The apparent multiplier is only about 0.5, but anyone who knows a bit about the history realizes that this is likely to be an underestimate for current conditions: during World War II private spending was constrained by rationing, and postwar effects of the military contraction were partially offset by the pent-up consumer demand; the Korean War was paid for with tax increases amounting to around 4 percent of GDP.
As I argued in the previous post, the reverse is likely to be true for European austerity now: the effects of reduced government spending have surely been reinforced by other factors, so the apparent multiplier of 3 is too high.
But Keynes does really win from these data.
Or, actually, shrinkage.
Watching Europe sink into recession – and Greece plunge into the abyss – I found myself wondering what it would take to convince the chattering classes that austerity in the face of an already depressed economy is a terrible idea.
After all, all it took was the predictable and predicted failure of an inadequate stimulus plan to convince our political elite that stimulus never works, and that we should pivot immediately to austerity, never mind three generations’ worth of economic research telling us that this was exactly the wrong thing to do.
Why isn’t the overwhelming, and much more decisive, failure of austerity in Europe producing a similar reaction?
Let me give you a picture, inspired by some of the empirical studies of fiscal policy the Romers describe in their course notes (pdf).
In the chart below I compare two measures for European countries.
The x-axis shows the change in real government purchases of goods and services from the first quarter of 2008 to the most recent date I could get from Eurostat, measured as a percentage of 2008Q1 GDP.
(This means, by the way, that I didn’t catch the full force of Greek austerity).
The y-axis shows the percentage change in real GDP from 2008Q1 to 2011Q4.
Can we say that there is a clear correlation here, and not in the direction austerity advocates would like to see?
OK, I’m aware of all internet traditions the problems here.
To some extent we may be looking at reverse causation, with troubled economies forced into harsh austerity while those doing well (e.g., Poland) can keep expanding spending.
Also, austerity programs generally involve sharp cuts in transfer payments and tax hikes as well as declines in real purchases, so you don’t want to interpret the slope of a line through the scatter – around 3 – as a measure of the multiplier.
But it is pretty striking, isn’t it?
The truth is that we’ve just had a powerful test of the Keynesian proposition that when monetary policy isn’t available, changes in government spending move the economy in the same direction – and the results of that test say that what has lately passed for policy wisdom is instead almost criminal folly.
The ongoing discussions of economic policy and principles since the Great Recession struck have, I have to say, been a source of continuing revelation.
Again and again one sees people with seemingly sterling credentials — Federal Reserve presidents, economists with Ph.D.s from good schools — propounding views that I thought were obvious fallacies, at least to anyone who had studied the subject a bit.
And the hits just keep coming.
The latest, via Scott Sumner, is St. Louis Fed president James Bullard’s suggestion (pdf) that the bursting of the housing bubble has permanently reduced U.S. potential output: A better interpretation of the behavior of U.S. real GDP over the last five years may be that the economy was disrupted by a permanent, one-time shock to wealth.
In particular, the perceived value of U.S. real estate fell substantially with the 30 percent decline in housing prices after 2006.
This shaved trillions of dollars off of the wealth of the nation.
Since housing prices are not expected to rebound to the previous peak anytime soon, that wealth is simply gone for now.
This has lowered consumption and output, and lower levels of production have caused a significant disruption in U.S. labor markets.
Wow.
I often encounter the fallacy of confusing supply with demand, where people say, “spending was boosted by the bubble, so the GDP you see then was greater than potential”; this is a misunderstanding because potential GDP is a measure of how much the economy can produce, not of how much people want to spend.
But Bullard goes even further, seeming to say that a drop in asset prices is itself a destruction of output capacity.
What?
And yet we have David Andolfatto apparently endorsing this view, and Tyler Cowen at least expressing sympathy.
What is going on?
OK, first things first.
Capital gains are not counted in GDP.
The direct effect of a bursting bubble on measured output is zero.
Nor, by the way, is a fall in asset prices counted as a decline in the capital stock, which is in principle measured in physical terms.
So what are these guys talking about?
Maybe the idea is that the burst bubble reduces demand, and hence leads to lower production.
But at that point you’re into a Keynesian world of deficient demand, and you should be talking about ways to close the gap, not accepting it as a fact of life.
Let’s think this through.
Imagine that you have a bunch of farmers, whose land is for some reason the object of a speculative bubble.
So for a while farmland prices go through the roof.
Then those prices slump.
Why should this impair the ability of the farmers to keep growing corn?
(OK, you can talk about possible impairment of credit channels and stuff, but again this should be something to focus on fixing, not a source of fatalism.)
And guess what — this isn’t a hypothetical example.
Here’s the history of US farmland prices: And here’s the history of US farm output during the 70s bubble and aftermath: Source.
Do you see a permanent reduction in farm production when the bubble burst?
I don’t.
By the way, if you’re wondering about that dip in 1983, it was about a terrible drought, which is the kind of thing that can reduce potential output.
Well, you might say, but farmers don’t buy a large fraction of farm output, whereas homeowners buy a large fraction of overall US output.
Bzzzt!
You’re talking demand-side economics again, and making, whether you know it or not, the case for monetary and fiscal stimulus.
At a basic level, this is all kind of terrifying.
If top financial officials and credentialed economists can’t even avoid getting confused about the difference between asset prices and productive capacity, what hope is there for rational policy discussion?
Let me talk some more about the sudden fashionability of bemoaning the deteriorating values of working-class Americans, by documenting the points David Frum made.
So, as Pew says, there really has been a drastic decline in marriage rates among less educated Americans: What could be causing that?
Well, it could be some kind of cultural contagion from liberalism, or something; as Mike Konczal says, there’s kind of an odd absence of causal stories in the latest “values” thing.
But it could also be this, from EPI: Should we really be surprised that young men, confronting the reality that they won’t earn anything near as much in real terms as their fathers did — and that they will be even further from having what society sees as an adequate income, because even Adam Smith acknowledged the importance of social norms in defining prosperity — don’t marry and raise families the way the previous generation did?
All the talk on the intellectual (or pseudo-intellectual) right seems to be about Charles Murray’s book Coming Apart: The State of White America, which asserts that the problem with blue-collar whites is … declining family values.
David Frum, who may really be the last honest conservative, has a terrific takedown: To understand what Murray does in Coming Apart, imagine this analogy: A social scientist visits a Gulf Coast town.
He notices that the houses near the water have all been smashed and shattered.
The former occupants now live in tents and FEMA trailers.
The social scientist writes a report: The evidence strongly shows that living in houses is better for children and families than living in tents and trailers.
The people on the waterfront are irresponsibly subjecting their children to unacceptable conditions.
When he publishes his report, somebody points out: “You know, there was a hurricane here last week.” The social scientist shrugs off the criticism with the reply, “I’m writing about housing, not weather.” And Alec MacGillis points out that Murray himself grew up in a company town where Maytag provided good jobs for blue-collar workers — until it shut the plant and moved operations to Mexico.
From an analytical point of view, this would seem to be a very odd time to focus on the alleged moral decline of the lower classes.
During the 60s, it was at least somewhat reasonable to ask why social ills were rising despite a booming economy producing widely shared gains (although as William Julius Wilson pointed out, work was disappearing in the inner cities, and this helped explain rising social problems among those trapped in those inner cities).
But now we have an economy that has left blue-collar workers behind; why invoke social values to explain their plight?
And to the extent that social decay is a reality among, say, the bottom third of the income distribution among whites, doesn’t this say that Wilson was right, that lack of economic opportunity is what breeds social disruption?
Of course, the sudden fuss about values makes perfect sense from a political point of view, as a distraction from the issue of soaring incomes at the top.
Keynesian economists made some pretty clear predictions around 3 years ago – predictions that were very much at odds with what anti-Keynesians were saying.
We said that as long as the economy remained deeply depressed, even a huge rise in the monetary base would not be inflationary, and that even huge budget deficits would not send interest rates soaring.
And we said that fiscal austerity would be contractionary, not expansionary.
All these predictions have been borne out.
And some of the anti-Keynesians seem to be in the process of acknowledging, at least in a grudging way, that they got it wrong.
But some anti-Keynesians have tried to save their dignity, or something, by attacking supposed Keynesian propositions that nobody actually, you know, proposed.
The usual one is to claim that Keynesians predicted great results from the Obama stimulus (which I very noisily did not).
But Tyler Cowen has come up with something truly strange.
He seems to believe that any good news anywhere somehow refutes Keynes.
Hints of recovery in Ireland (which proved a false dawn)?
Keynesianism is wrong!
A relatively encouraging month on the jobs front?
Keynesianism is wrong!
I’d say that this was attacking a straw man, but that would be an insult to straw men.
What is going on in Cowen’s head?
A further thought on the observation that Britain’s slump has now gone on longer than the slump in the 1930s: it’s worth remembering the rapturous reception the Cameron austerity program received here, not just from the right, but from centrists.
Here’s David Broder: Cameron and his partners in the coalition have pushed ahead boldly, brushing aside the warnings of economists that the sudden, severe medicine could cut short Britain’s economic recovery and throw the nation back into recession.
Heh heh, silly economists.
Broder went on to urge Obama, after his salutary midterm defeat, to “do a Cameron” and agree to sharp cuts in the welfare state.
It’s kind of remarkable how none of the Very Serious People even considered the possibility that people like me might be, well, right.
One thing everyone always says is that while this Lesser Depression may be bad, it’s nothing like the Great Depression.
But this is in part an America-centered view: we had a very bad Great Depression, and have done better than many other countries this time around.
As Jonathan Portes at Not the Treasury View points out, the ongoing slump in Britain is now longer and deeper than the slump in the 1930s (the figure shows how far real GDP was below its previous peak in various British recessions; the red line is 1930-34, the black line the current slump): I believe that when I began criticizing the Cameron government’s push for austerity, some right-leaning British papers demanded that I shut up.
But the original critique of austerity is holding up pretty well, if you ask me.
The criterion, according to Politifact, seems to be that a fact isn’t a fact if it helps a Democratic narrative.
Jared Bernstein watches the train wreck.
Obama said: In the last 22 months, businesses have created more than three million jobs.
Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005. which is just true.
Period.
But Politifact rated it as only “half true” because he was “essentially taking credit for job growth”.
He didn’t actually take credit — and even if he had, a fact is still a fact.
I do not think that word means what Politifact thinks it means.
Ryan Lizza’s new piece on policymaking in the Obama administration is out.
One of the documents the piece rests on is a December 2008 policy memo from Larry Summers to Obama on the size and composition of stimulus; Ryan shared it with me to get my take, and some of what I said is reflected in his article.
The key thing I took away from the memo is that it does not read at all like the current story the administration gives for the inadequate size of the stimulus, which is that they knew it should be larger but had to face political reality.
Instead, the memo argues that a bigger stimulus would be counterproductive in economic terms, because of the “market reaction”.
That is, Summers et al were afraid of the invisible bond vigilantes.
And to the extent that there is a political judgment, it’s all in the opposite direction: if the stimulus is too big, we’ll have trouble scaling it back, but if it’s too small, we can always go back to Congress for more.
That was deeply naive — and I said so in real time.
Now, you can still argue that politics made a bigger stimulus impossible.
But that’s not at all the argument being made internally within the administration at the time.
I’m not going to harp on this; it’s all water under the bridge, and none of the original team are even there at this point.
Plus, Obama has definitely toughened up — as Ryan also documents.
So consider this a footnote to the story of what went wrong.
The new McKinsey Global Institute report on debt and deleveraging has attracted a lot of attention, and rightly so.
I have some quibbles with the way the data are presented, but they’re very useful data — and lead to some surprising conclusions.
So, a few notes.
MGI presents its data like this: My preference is to leave financial-sector debt out of the picture, because it’s conceptually very different from nonfinancial debt.
Think of it this way: compare two banking systems, one in which banks directly lend deposits out to customers, another in which many deposits are lent out through the interbank wholesale market, and then lent on to nonfinancial customers.
The second system will show much higher financial-sector debt, and it is in some real sense more risky than the first, but the real economy isn’t more highly indebted than in the first case.
In general, financial-sector debt is about the internal organization of intermediation, and it’s not the same kind of thing as when households or business run up a lot of debt.
So if you take the financial-sector debt out of the total, MGI’s conclusion that the United States has experienced substantial deleveraging goes away: overall debt to GDP has been more or less flat since the end of 2008.
But as I wrote yesterday, the shift of debt away from over-indebted households to a federal government that is not borrowing-constrained is a big plus; it’s setting the stage for recovery.
What about MGI’s claim that the United States is doing much better than Europe?
It still holds up.
I wish they had done eurozone-as-a-whole numbers; I’m not finding that at all easy to do myself.
(Eurostat’s categories do not match US flow-of-funds data).
But what I’ve been able to gather is that Europe has had a substantial rise in public debt, with little or no private-sector deleveraging.
Here’s Spain: So what you get is a seeming paradox: once you realize that private debt is as much or more of a problem than public debt, what you see is that Europe, where the key policymakers have preached the evils of debt and the need for austerity, is not making any progress in bringing debt problems under control — while we are.
Of course, it’s not a paradox if you have been reading Richard Koo on balance sheet recessions, if you understood the importance of expansionary monetary policy, and if you had grasped the meaning of Sam and Janet.
Oh, and if we had done what the usual suspects on the right wanted — if we had slashed spending to ward off the invisible bond vigilantes, and had tightened money to ward off the phantom inflation menace — we’d be emulating Europe, and hence emulating Europe’s failure.
I gather that they’re still trying to claim that the recovery from the 1920-21 recession somehow vindicates austerity policies.
I’ve already dealt with that.
And let me be peevish: if you’re reading this blog, before demanding that I respond to some argument or other, why not use the little search box off to the right?
Not always, but often, I’ve already done what you demand.
The big Times article on Apple manufacturing was excellent, and I’ll have more to say about it when I have the time.
One thing worth noting right away, however, is that the piece is in large part an essay on the economies of agglomeration (pdf, wonkish): “The entire supply chain is in China now,” said another former high-ranking Apple executive.
“You need a thousand rubber gaskets?
That’s the factory next door.
You need a million screws?
That factory is a block away.
You need that screw made a little bit different?
It will take three hours.” The point is that manufacturing plants don’t exist in isolation; they benefit a lot from being part of a manufacturing cluster, with specialized suppliers and a large pool of workers with the right skills close at hand.
This is the kind of stuff I emphasized in my own work on both trade and economic geography.
The policy implications aren’t as clear as you might imagine.
But more about that when I have time to do it right.
Or that’s what it sounds like to me!
Several commenters have recommended that I trawl through the videos from KEXP in Seattle, and I have been gradually doing that when I can’t stand any more economics for the day.
Now, the truth is that most of the groups they feature don’t grab me; de gustibus non whosit whatsit, or something.
But every once in a while I find something strange but wonderful, like this:
Ryan Avent points out an important fact: if you look at total debt, public and private, the United States is doing better at deleveraging than countries that talk much more about the evils of debt than we do.
I thought I would redo the calculation for the US so that I understood it.
I focus on nonfinancial debt — that’s because money that banks owe to each other is more a reflection of the structure of the financial system than of the degree of overborrowing more broadly.
So here’s nonfinancial debt, public plus private, as a percentage of GDP: What you see here is a gradual decline in overall debt — not at all what you hear in the public debate.
Now, the composition of that debt is changing: rising public debt, falling private debt.
But that’s exactly what you need to deal with the aftermath of a Minsky moment: you need to reduce the debt of balance-sheet-constrained players, so that the drag on the economy is reduced over time, eventually getting us to the point where deficit spending is no longer needed to sustain the economy.
It’s a crime that we aren’t doing more, that unemployment is as high as it is — and sustained high unemployment is itself taking a toll on our future as well as our present.
But as far as debt is concerned, America’s situation is getting better, not worse.
Here’s how Romney’s low taxes will be defended by smarter conservatives (the less smart ones will just shout “class warfare”): they’ll claim that there are compelling reasons to have low taxes on capital gains, and that there is therefore nothing wrong with having very high-income people paying lower tax rates than the middle class.
David Frum offers a good example.
But Frum slips a fast one by us — and probably by himself, since he’s usually pretty honest in his reasoning.
He declares that The lower tax rate for capital gains is good policy—a policy that the US has followed almost from the inception of the income tax, a policy followed by almost every other advanced economy on earth (including some that don’t tax capital gains at all).
This conveys the impression that the current very low rates of capital gains taxation are the way it has always been.
But that’s not at all true.
Here’s the reality: Source.
The current very low rates didn’t happen until 2003; in fact, long-term capital gains were taxed at close to 30 percent from 1986 through 1997, when Clinton cut a deal with Republicans to get an expanded earned-income tax credit.
And dividend income also only started receiving privileged status in 2003.
So nothing in our history or experience says that unearned income has to be taxed this lightly.
It’s not a time-honored principle; it’s a Bush-era innovation, pushed through the Senate, by the way, using reconciliation.
Well, I read Scott Sumner’s claim that Simon Wren-Lewis and I are making basic errors, and at first I couldn’t figure out at all what his problem is.
Then it struck me: he doesn’t understand that Wren-Lewis and I were doing comparative statics.
What do I mean by that?
I thought this was part of every economist’s training, but maybe not any more.
Anyway, there are a variety of problems in economics — by no means only in macro — where you want to understand how some kind of shock will affect some equilibrating variable.
You want to know, say, how an excise tax will affect the price of coffee, or how an international transfer will affect the terms of trade, or how a change in the savings rate will affect GDP.
How do you do this?
It’s often helpful to do the analysis in two stages.
First, you ask how some desired quantities would change holding the equilibrating variable constant; then you ask how that variable has to change to restore equilibrium.
So, for example, if I ask how an excise tax will affect the price of coffee, I start by asking how that tax would affect the excess supply of coffee — the difference between the quantity of coffee demanded and the quantity supplied — holding the price constant; then I ask how much the price of coffee has to fall to eliminate that excess supply.
Notice that in that first step I am not forgetting that in the end the quantity of coffee demanded must equal the quantity supplied; I’m reasoning in the subjunctive, asking how the quantities would shift if it the price were temporarily held constant.
So what are people like Wren-Lewis and me doing when we ask how savings or investment would change from some given shock?
We’re not forgetting that in the end savings must equal investment; we’re just doing the first step in a comparative statics exercise.
Suppose that I want to ask how, say, a fall in housing wealth affects the economy.
First I ask how much this would increase savings, holding GDP constant; then I ask how much GDP has to fall to restore the equality between savings and investment.
The picture — which is something everyone used to learn in Econ 101 — looks like this: Here the savings curve shifts up from S1 to S2; the upward shift of the curve at a given level of GDP is what Wren-Lewis and I mean by the “increase in savings”.
In the end, of course, savings must equal investment, which is why GDP must fall from Y1 to Y2.
But Wren-Lewis and I haven’t forgotten that S=I; we’re just using the perfectly ordinary method and language of comparative statics.
And Sumner thinks we have made some kind of basic error, and ties himself into knots trying to set us straight.
It’s really very sad.
Greg Sargent is rightly outraged by Romney’s claim that Obama is a job destroyer: Romney’s claim that two million jobs were lost under the Obama presidency is based on the idea that there’s been a net loss of jobs since he took office.
In other words, Romney is taking into account the fact that the economy continued hemorraghing jobs at a furious rate after Obama took office — before Obama’s stimulus passed.
But the figures show that once it became law, monthly job loss declined over time, and turned around in the spring of 2010, after which the private sector added jobs for over 20 straight months, totaling around 2.2 million of them.
I think this benefits from a figure: Does this look to you like a president who “lost jobs”, or like a president who inherited an economy in free fall?
You can accuse Obama of not doing enough to promote recovery — and I have (although the biggest villain here was Romney’s own party).
But to claim that Obama caused the job loss is indefensible.
By the way, that wiggle in the upward climb represents the temporary hiring of Census workers.
Now, if you wanted a more credible case of a president who presided over job losses at this point in his administration, how about this?
And the truth is that I did give Bush a hard time over his job record — although I’m pretty sure I never accused him of destroying jobs, or even of bearing responsibility for the recession that began on his watch.
Interview of Jean-Claude Trichet by La Repubblica, June 2010: One cut after another: many economists say that there is a clear risk of deflation.
What are your views on this?
“I don’t think that such risks could materialise.
On the contrary, inflation expectations are remarkably well anchored in line with our definition – less than 2%, close to 2% – and have remained so during the recent crisis.
As regards the economy, the idea that austerity measures could trigger stagnation is incorrect.” Incorrect?
“Yes.
In fact, in these circumstances, everything that helps to increase the confidence of households, firms and investors in the sustainability of public finances is good for the consolidation of growth and job creation.
I firmly believe that in the current circumstances confidence-inspiring policies will foster and not hamper economic recovery, because confidence is the key factor today.”
So Alex Tabarrok thinks he has a great gotcha in my warnings about deficits and interest rates from 2003.
Except, I’ve already acknowledged that mistake: The second [big mistake] was circa 2003, over the Bush administration’s use of the illusion of victory in Iraq to push through more tax cuts, even though the optimistic budget projections used to justify the first round had proved completely wrong.
It’s worth pointing out that the situation was not at all like the present, where I support temporary deficit spending to deal with a depressed economy; the Bushies were pushing permanent tax cuts that had nothing to do with economic stimulus, and did so at a time of war with no offsetting spending cuts (and then pushed through an unfunded expansion of Medicare too).
This struck me at the time as banana-republic behavior, and still does.
However, I wrongly believed that markets would look at it the same way, and that they would lose faith in American governance, driving up interest rates on our debt.
Instead, bond investors discounted the politics, and acted as if they believed that America would eventually pull itself together and start behaving responsibly.
The jury’s still out on that, but clearly my short-run prediction proved wrong.
Now, the problem with Heritage this time is that they didn’t make the prediction of rising rates conditional on loss of confidence in US solvency (whether that makes sense is another issue); they presented it as a pure crowding out argument.
Here’s Brian Riedl: The government is going to have to raise interest rates in order to convince people to lend them the full amount they need.
We’re already facing a deficit of $1.2 trillion this year, and 700 billion next year.
We borrowed $700 billion for TARP, and now we’re going to borrow $800 billion for this stimulus package.
Compare those numbers to the entire public debt, which was 5.8 trillion up until a few months ago.
It’s going to be very difficult for a global economy, which is already in a recession, to supply the U.S. government with [$3 trillion] in new borrowing.
Right now, a lot of banks are happy to buy Treasury bonds because they are safe investments .
.
.
but overall, that may not be enough.
The government may have to raise interest rates higher and higher and higher in order to persuade people to lend their diminishing savings to the government.
And that’s going to hurt the economy for a long time.
That was just wrong; it represented a completely wrong model of how the economy works.
So where’s the rethink?
The FT has an article noting the strength of the yen against the euro, which it attributes to the yen’s “enduring status as a haven against the global financial turmoil.” Well, yes — Japan is seen as safe, despite its high level of debt, just like all the other advanced countries that have retained their own currencies.
But there’s a special feature of Japan that is important in understanding the high yen: the interaction between deflation and the zero lower bound.
Japan, of course, has deeply embedded deflation, while both the euro area and the US still have modest positive expected inflation.
Expectations of deflation tend to push interest rates down.
But short rates can’t go below zero.
And the Japanese long rate has to stay some ways above zero, because it in effect contains an option value: short rates can go up, but they can’t go down.
So Japan has expected inflation that is around 2 points less than in other safe haven countries, but it has long interest rates that are only about 1 percentage point lower; Japan is a high real rate country.
And this pushes up the value of the yen.
Just to be clear, this is a bad thing from Japan’s point of view; the country really needs more exports, and the high yen prevents that.
Another reason why you really, really don’t want to get into a deflation trap.
I admit to having been surprised by the reaction to my two posts on the burden of debt.
I thought I was saying something that would be obvious once it was pointed out; instead, many of the comments were baffled, and quite a few were utterly enraged.
So here’s another try, together with some data that people may not be aware of.
First, instead of a hypothetical example, let’s talk about a real case: US debt after World War II.
The government emerged from the war with debt exceeding 100 percent of GDP; because there was almost no international capital movement at the time, essentially all that debt was owned by domestic residents, with a sizable fraction consisting of savings bonds bought by individuals.
Now, here’s the question: did that debt directly make America poorer?
More specifically, did it force America as a whole to spend less than it would have if the debt hadn’t existed?
The answer, clearly, is no.
Yes, American taxpayers had to pay the interest on that debt.
But who received that interest?
American taxpayers.
Not exactly the same people, of course — although savings bonds were held pretty widely.
But America was not like a home buyer who has to scrimp to find enough money to make his mortgage payments; America was both the borrower and the lender, and was essentially paying money to itself.
Today, of course, we live in a more complicated world, in which American financial markets are intertwined with other nations, and in which a substantial part of our debt is indeed owned by foreigners.
But what a lot of people apparently don’t know is that while foreigners have a lot of claims on America, America also has a lot of claims on foreigners.
Here’s the way the national balance sheet vis-a-vis the rest of the world has evolved: So the big rise in US debt hasn’t been accompanied by an equally big rise in our net obligations to foreigners.
And in the past few years, as the budget deficit has exploded, the trade deficit has actually been lower than pre-crisis –which says that the big recent rise in debt is very much a rise in the amount Americans owe other Americans, not a matter of selling IOUs to foreigners.
Again, I’m not saying that debt is never a problem.
But it’s not the kind of problem people imagine.
I want to expand a bit on something Dean Baker said yesterday: As a country we cannot impose huge debt burdens on our children.
It is impossible, at least if we are referring to government debt.
The reason is simple: at one point we will all be dead.
That means that the ownership of our debt will be passed on to our children.
If we have some huge thousand trillion dollar debt that is owed to our children, then how have we imposed a burden on them?
There is a distributional issue — Bill Gates’ children may own all the debt — but that is within generations, not between generations.
As a group, our children’s well-being will be determined by the productivity of the economy (which Brooks complained about earlier), the state of the physical and social infrastructure and the environment.
One can make the point that much of the debt is owned by foreigners, but this is a result of our trade deficit, which is in turn caused by the over-valued dollar.
I think it’s worth looking at some numbers here.
Below are two series, both expressed as percentages of GDP: total domestic nonfinancial debt (public plus private), and U.S. net foreign debt, as measured by the negative of the net international investment position: What you can see here is that there has been a big rise in debt, with a much smaller move into net debtor status for America as a whole; for the most part, the extra debt is money we owe to ourselves.
And here are the same numbers, measured as changes from 1980, so that you can see that the great bulk of the rise in debt was not financed by foreign borrowing.
People think of debt’s role in the economy as if it were the same as what debt means for an individual: there’s a lot of money you have to pay to someone else.
But that’s all wrong; the debt we create is basically money we owe to ourselves, and the burden it imposes does not involve a real transfer of resources.
That’s not to say that high debt can’t cause problems — it certainly can.
But these are problems of distribution and incentives, not the burden of debt as is commonly understood.
And as Dean says, talking about leaving a burden to our children is especially nonsensical; what we are leaving behind is promises that some of our children will pay money to other children, which is a very different kettle of fish.
There have been a lot of shockingly bad performances among macroeconomists in this crisis; but if I had to pick the one that is most startling, it is the way freshwater economists have demonstrated that they don’t understand one of their own doctrines, that of Ricardian equivalence.
Ricardian equivalence says that what determines consumption is the lifetime present value of after-tax income, and hence that, say, a temporary tax cut won’t stimulate spending, because people will figure that whatever they gain now will be offset by higher taxes later.
It is a dubious doctrine even done right; many people are liquidity constrained, and very few people have the knowledge or inclination to estimate the impact of current government budgets on their lifetime tax liability.
But even if you assume that the doctrine is right, it does NOT imply that government spending on, say, infrastructure will be met by offsetting declines in private spending.
In other words, Robert Lucas was betraying a complete misunderstanding of his own doctrine when he said this: If the government builds a bridge, and then the Fed prints up some money to pay the bridge builders, that’s just a monetary policy.
We don’t need the bridge to do that.
We can print up the same amount of money and buy anything with it.
So, the only part of the stimulus package that’s stimulating is the monetary part.
… But, if we do build the bridge by taking tax money away from somebody else, and using that to pay the bridge builder — the guys who work on the bridge — then it’s just a wash.
It has no first-starter effect.
There’s no reason to expect any stimulation.
And, in some sense, there’s nothing to apply a multiplier to.
(Laughs.)
You apply a multiplier to the bridge builders, then you’ve got to apply the same multiplier with a minus sign to the people you taxed to build the bridge.
And then taxing them later isn’t going to help, we know that.
This remark was followed, by the way, by a smear against Christy Romer: Christina Romer — here’s what I think happened.
It’s her first day on the job and somebody says, you’ve got to come up with a solution to this — in defense of this fiscal stimulus, which no one told her what it was going to be, and have it by Monday morning.
So she scrambled and came up with these multipliers and now they’re kind of — I don’t know.
So I don’t think anyone really believes.
These models have never been discussed or debated in a way that that say — Ellen McGrattan was talking about the way economists use models this morning.
These are kind of schlock economics.
Maybe there is some multiplier out there that we could measure well but that’s not what that paper does.
I think it’s a very naked rationalization for policies that were already, you know, decided on for other reasons.
I’ve tried to explain why Lucas and those with similar views are all wrong several times, for example here.
But it just occurred to me that there may be an even more intuitive way to see just how wrong this is: think about what happens when a family buys a house with a 30-year mortgage.
Suppose that the family takes out a $100,000 home loan (I know, it’s hard to find houses that cheap, but I just want a round number).
If the house is newly built, that’s $100,000 of spending that takes place in the economy.
But the family has also taken on debt, and will presumably spend less because it knows that it has to pay off that debt.
But the debt won’t be paid off all at once — and there’s no reason to expect the family to cut its spending right now by $100,000.
Its annual mortgage payment will be something like $6,000, so maybe you would expect a fall in spending by $6000; that offsets only a small fraction of the debt-financed purchase.
Now notice that this family is very much like the representative household in a Ricardian equivalence economy, reacting to a deficit financed infrastructure project like Lucas’s bridge; in this case the household really does know that today’s spending will reduce its future disposable income.
And even so, its reaction involves very little offset to the initial spending.
How could anyone who thought about this for even a minute — let alone someone with an economics training — get this wrong?
And yet as far as I can tell almost everyone on the freshwater side of this divide did get it wrong, and has yet to acknowledge the error.
Via Brad DeLong, there’s a paper by David Romer (pdf) summarizing recent research on fiscal policy, inspired by the crisis and aftermath.
And his conclusion is not at all what you hear on the talk shows; it is that there is now overwhelming evidence that fiscal policy does in fact work when it’s not offset by monetary policy.
And since we’re now in a liquidity trap in which conventional monetary policy has no traction, that’s the world we’re in.
I like this footnote, which gives you a sense of what has been going on: 3 For within-country evidence, see Chodorow-Reich, Feiveson, Liscow, and Woolston (2010); Suárez Serrato and Wingender (2010); Shoag (2010); Fishback and Kachanovskaya (2010); and Nakamura and Steinsson (2011).
For cross-country evidence, see International Monetary Fund (2010); Council of Economic Advisers (2009); and Kraay (2010).
For time-series evidence (as well as simulation-based evidence), see Hall (2009); Barro and Redlick (2010); Fisher and Peters (2009); Coenen et al.
(2010); and Christiano, Eichenbaum, and Rebelo (2010).
On this list, all but Kraay, Barro and Redlick, and Fisher and Peters implicitly or explicitly try to provide evidence about the case where monetary policy does not act to offset the effects of fiscal policy.
With the exception of two of these three (Kraay and Barro and Redlick), the papers all suggest substantial effects of fiscal policy.
As I describe below, this brief tour omits all work that predates the crisis.
Of course, all you’ll hear on TV is nyah-nyah-nyah the Obama stimulus didn’t work.
Steve Benen asks why Congressional Republicans were willing to pursue what looked like a “suicidal” political strategy in the payroll tax fight.
But he somehow fails to mention an important factor: reliable conservatives are assured of a safe landing even if they are defeated.
Consider the case of Rick Santorum, rather humiliatingly beaten in 2006.
What came next?
The Ethics and Public Policy Center is delighted to announce that the Honorable Rick Santorum is joining EPPC as a Senior Fellow.
Mr. Santorum will establish and direct a program, titled America’s Enemies, that will focus on identifying, studying, and heightening awareness of the threats posed to America and the West from a growing array of anti-Western forces that are increasingly casting a shadow over our future and violating religious liberty around the world.
And who funds the Ethics and Public Policy Center?
Just who you’d expect: a couple of Richard Mellon Scaife foundations, the Koch brothers, etc..
Follow the money.
I’ve written quite a lot about the way much of the macroeconomics community has descended into a Dark Age, forgetting the things they used to know.
I was originally set off by the way some economists were propounding Say’s Law — the idea, refuted 75 years ago, that all income must be spent and hence that supply creates its own demand — as a profound insight, somehow missed by three generations of economists.
Well, new forms of acquired ignorance keep surfacing.
Matthew Yglesias finds John Cochrane ridiculing the notion that devaluation makes it easier to bring a country’s relative wages down, whereas the empirical evidence is overwhelming that devaluation does, in fact, do just that.
Now, Yglesias has some fun with Cochrane’s violation of the extended version of Godwin’s Law, which says that the first person to mention either Weimar or Zimbabwe in a discussion of current issues loses.
But Matt’s main point is that there are very good reasons why changing relative currency values is a lot easier than changing the whole structure of nominal wages and prices: Depreciation makes vacations in Spain cheap, it makes Spanish exports cheap, and it makes it attractive for rich foreigners to actually go buy up excess Spanish housing stock to use as vacation homes and such.
Everyone’s taken a hit, but they’re back on the path to growth.
The other alternative — the road we’re actually traveling down — is one in which all of these adjustments need to happen piecemeal.
To make the same adjustment happen, every single contract in the country needs to be piecemeal renegotiated.
That’s every town budget, every cell phone plan, every commercial lease, every salary, etc.
It’s not “impossible” but it’s a logistical and political nightmare.
And it takes time.
During that time instead of everyone working harder because they’re poorer and more indebted than they realized and need to raise their incomes what happens is that 10-20 percent of the population does nothing because they can’t find jobs.
Quite.
What Matt may not know, however, is that this is a classic argument in international macro, and the person who made it best was ….
drumroll … Milton Friedman.
Here’s a snip from Friedman’s 1953 essay “The case for flexible exchange rates”: Is it really possible that people at the University of Chicago have unlearned not only Keynes but Friedman?
Alas, yes.
This is really awful.
Politifact, which is supposed to police false claims in politics, has announced its Lie of the Year — and it’s a statement that happens to be true, the claim that Republicans have voted to end Medicare.
Steve Benen in the link above explains it, but let me just repeat the basics.
Republicans voted to replace Medicare with a voucher system to buy private insurance — and not just that, a voucher system in which the value of the vouchers would systematically lag the cost of health care, so that there was no guarantee that seniors would even be able to afford private insurance.
The new scheme would still be called “Medicare”, but it would bear little resemblance to the current system, which guarantees essential care to all seniors.
How is this not an end to Medicare?
And given all the actual, indisputable lies out there, how on earth could saying that it is be the “Lie of the year”?
The answer is, of course, obvious: the people at Politifact are terrified of being considered partisan if they acknowledge the clear fact that there’s a lot more lying on one side of the political divide than on the other.
So they’ve bent over backwards to appear “balanced” — and in the process made themselves useless and irrelevant.
Way to go, guys.
More abut Ireland: one of the reasons it has been touted as a great success story for austerity is the fact that unit labor costs have fallen sharply, suggesting that Ireland is well along in the process of “internal devaluation”.
But there’s a puzzle here.
If you look at Irish nominal wages, they have fallen only slightly: That still adds up to a significant fall in relative costs, because wages have risen elsewhere in the euro area.
But it’s nothing like the big competitiveness gain we’ve been hearing about.
That, it turns out, comes in large part from a surge in measured productivity, calculated, as best I can tell, by real value-added per worker.
And I had a suspicion here, which I shared with Kevin O’Rourke, who it turns out had the same suspicion — and who pointed me to work by the Irish central bank (see Box A in the first-quarter 2011 report) that lends support to this argument.
It seems likely that a large part of the apparent gain in Irish competitiveness is a statistical illusion.
How so?
Well, Ireland is an economy that generates a lot of GDP — but not much GNP — out of capital-intensive, foreign-owned export sectors, such as pharma.
And what has happened in the austerity era is that these sectors, which aren’t selling to the domestic market, have held up much better than labor-intensive sectors serving that domestic market.
And this causes a spurious increase in labor productivity: if you lay off a construction worker but don’t lay off a pharma worker who basically watches over very expensive machines that produce a lot of output, it looks as if productivity has gone up, but in any individual sector nothing has happened.
The Irish central bank has tried to tease out these effects; here’s a picture up through 2010: It’s a bit small, but the line at the bottom shows relative unit labor costs the way they’re often reported; the blue line at the top shows what happens when you correct for compositional effects.
I’d like to see an update, of course.
But it looks as though much — not all — of the apparent success of Ireland in achieving internal devaluation may be a statistical illusion.
Last week I devoted a column to the unsettling political developments in Hungary.
To expand on all this, I’ve asked my Princeton colleague Kim Lane Scheppele, who has been working extensively on the situation, to contribute a post.
It’s below the fold.
Hungary’s Constitutional Revolution Kim Lane Scheppele Last week, Paul Krugman’s column “Depression and Democracy” called attention to Hungary’s “authoritarian slide.” Since I was one of the sources for Paul’s column, I’d like to explain why I have been alarmed at the state of both constitutionalism and democracy in Hungary.
In a free and fair election last spring in Hungary, the center-right political party, Fidesz, got 53% of the vote.
This translated into 68% of the seats in the parliament under Hungary’s current disproportionate election law.
With this supermajority, Fidesz won the power to change the constitution.
They have used this power in the most extreme way at every turn, amending the constitution ten times in their first year in office and then enacting a wholly new constitution that will take effect on January 1, 2012.
This constitutional activity has transformed the legal landscape to remove checks on the power of the government and put virtually all power into the hands of the current governing party for the foreseeable future.
The new constitution has attracted a great deal of criticism from the Venice Commission for Democracy through Law of the Council of Europe, the European Parliament and the United States.
But the Fidesz government has paid no attention.
Under the new constitutional order, the judiciary has taken the largest hit.
The Constitutional Court, which once had the responsibility to review nearly all laws for constitutionality, has been killed off in three ways.
First, the government expanded the number of judges on the bench and filled the new positions with their own political allies (think: Roosevelt’s court-packing plan).
Then, the government restricted the jurisdiction of the court so that it can no longer review any law that has an impact on the budget, like laws pertaining to taxes and austerity programs, unless the law infringes particular listed rights.
Finally, the government changed the rules of access to the court so that it will no longer be easily able to review laws in the abstract for their compliance with the constitution.
Moreover, individuals can no longer challenge the constitutionality of laws without first going through a lengthy process in the ordinary courts.
The old Constitutional Court, which has served as the major check on governmental power in a unicameral parliamentary system, is now functionally dead.
The ordinary judiciary has suffered a similar fate.
The government lowered the retirement age for judges from 70 to 62, giving judges only a few months to adjust to their new futures.
More than 200 judges will be forced to retire from the bench starting on January 1, including most of the court presidents who assign cases and manage the daily workings of courts.
The new law on the judiciary requires that the Supreme Court president have at least five years of Hungarian judicial experience.
The current president of the Supreme Court is disqualified because his 17 years of experience as a judge on the European Court of Human Rights do not count.
Therefore, he must leave office on January 1 also.
The law on the judiciary also creates a new National Judicial Office with a single person at the helm who has the power to replace the retiring judges and to name future judges.
This person also has the power to move any sitting judge to a different court.
A new constitutional amendment – to the new constitution!
– will permit both the public prosecutor and the head of this new National Judicial Office to choose which judge will hear each case.
The independence of the judiciary is over when a government puts its own judges onto the bench, moves them around at will, and then selects which ones get particular cases to decide.
The Vice President of the European Commission for Justice, Fundamental Rights and Citizenship, Viviane Reding, issued a strongly worded request for information about the new law last week and demanded immediate replies from the Hungarian government.
She also strongly urged the government “to ensure .
.
.
that no measure is implemented until doubts about its compliance with EU law are removed.” The government responded by saying all of these changes are improvements and it seems to be going ahead with implementing the new constitutional framework despite the strong caution from Brussels.
In the new constitutional system, the legal supervision of elections has also been changed.
Before the last election, the norm was for the five-member Election Commission to be politically diverse and for the government of the day to consult the opposition before nominating candidates.
But the rules were changed last year so that each new national election is now accompanied by a new choice of election commissioners.
As a result, the existing commissioners were removed from their offices without allowing them to finish their terms and now the Election Commission consists of five members of the governing party.
The new election law specifies the precise boundaries of the new electoral districts that will send representatives to the parliament.
But the new districts are drawn in such a way that no other party on the political horizon besides Fidesz is likely to win elections.
A respected Hungarian think tank ran the numbers from the last three elections using the new district boundaries.
Fidesz would have won all three elections, including the two they actually lost.
Virtually every independent political institution has taken a hit.
The human rights, data protection and minority affairs ombudsmen have been collapsed into one lesser post.
The public prosecutor, the state audit office and, most recently, the Central Bank are all slated for more overtly political management in the new legal order.
And all of this has happened while the press operates under day-to-day intimidation.
A draconian set of media laws created a new media board – staffed only by Fidesz party loyalists with a chair who is appointed by the Prime Minister to a nine-year term.
This board can review all public and private media for their compliance with a nebulous standard of political “balance” and has the power to bankrupt any news organization with large fines.
It is not surprising that the media have become self-censoring.
This new media regime has been severely criticized by the European Commissioner for Communications, among others.
The new constitution also accepts conservative Christian social doctrine as state policy, in a country where only 21% of the population attends any religious services at all.
The fetus is protected from the moment of conception.
Marriage is only legal if between a man and a woman.
The constitution “recognize(s) the role of Christianity in preserving nationhood” and holds that “the family and the nation constitute the principal framework of our coexistence.” While these religious beliefs are hard-wired into the constitution, a new law on the status of religion cut the number of state-recognized churches to only fourteen, deregistering 348 other churches.
In a democracy, the population can “throw the bums out” and replace the government with a different one that can change the policies that do not have public support.
But that will be nearly impossible under this constitution.
In addition to compromising institutions that are necessary for a free and fair election – like a free press and a neutral election apparatus – the new constitution embeds Fidesz control even if another political party defies the odds and wins an election.
The new constitution makes huge swaths of public policy changeable only by a two-thirds vote of any subsequent parliament.
From here on, all tax and fiscal policy must be decided by a two-thirds supermajority.
Even the precise boundaries of electoral districts cannot be changed by simple majority vote, but only by a two-third supermajority.
If a new government gets a mere majority, policies instituted during the Fidesz government cannot be changed.
That’s not all.
The long arm of the current Fidesz government can grab and shake any foreseeable future government through the officials they are now putting into place.
The new constitutional order extends the terms of office for the public prosecutor (9 years), the head of the state audit office (12 years), the head of the national judicial office (9 years), the head of the media board (9 years), the head of the budget council (6 years) and more.
Each of these positions has been filled with Fidesz party loyalists who will be able to conduct public investigations, intimidate the media, press criminal charges and continue to pack the courts long after the government’s current term is over.
Moreover, unless there is a two-thirds vote to replace these new office holders, they can stay in office until such a two-thirds vote can be achieved, which could extend these long terms of office even further.
How do all of these pieces work together?
One example will illustrate.
The constitution creates a national budget council with the power to veto any future budget that adds to the national debt, which any foreseeable budget will do.
The members of the budget council have been chosen by this government for terms of 6 or 12 years and can only be replaced if two-thirds of the parliament can agree on new candidates when their terms are over.
Another part of the constitution requires the parliament to pass a budget by March 31 of each year.
If the parliament fails to do so, the president of the country can dissolve the parliament and call new elections.
When these pieces are put together, the constraints on any future government are clear.
A new government will pass a budget – but that budget can be vetoed by Fidesz loyalists so that the budget deadline is missed, and then the president (also named by Fidesz) will call new elections.
And this can be repeated until an acceptable government is voted back into power.
The only parties that might replace Fidesz in the current Hungarian landscape are the Socialist Party or, in a real nightmare scenario, the far-right Jobbik.
Under laws that preceded Fidesz’s election last year, political parties that are anti-constitutional may be banned.
Some have suggested that Fidesz could eliminate Jobbik in this way.
In fact, Europe probably would not mind if Jobbik were excluded from public life because other European countries can ban extremist parties also.
But what about Fidesz’s primary competition – the Socialists?
According to a proposed constitutional amendment, the crimes of the former communist party will be listed in the constitution and the statute of limitations for prosecuting crimes committed during the communist period will be lifted.
The former communist party is branded a criminal organization and the current opposition Socialist Party is designated as their legal successor.
It is still unclear, legally speaking, what this amendment means.
But it is probably not good for the major opposition party.
The Fidesz government has accomplished this constitutional revolution by legal means after a democratic election.
But though Fidesz was democratically elected and has accomplished this program through constitutional change, Hungary is not a constitutional democracy.
Instead Hungary is, as Paul Krugman said, sliding into authoritarianism.
Robert Samuelson today: When Keynes wrote “The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money” in the mid-1930s, governments in most wealthy nations were relatively small and their debts modest.
Deficit spending and pump priming were plausible responses to economic slumps.
British debt history: Funny about that.
One thing I meant to mention when discussing Ireland is something Kevin O’Rourke pointed out: this is the second time in two years that Ireland has been declared a success story for austerity based on a slight uptick, soon reversed.
The first time was in mid-2010, when we had the likes of Alan Reynolds at Cato pronouncing Ireland’s spending cuts a triumphant success and a confirmation of expansionary austerity; I believe that the perception of Irish success was a significant factor in Cameron’s decision to go all-in for austerity in Britain.
The second time was this fall, with just about all of Europe’s Very Serious People pronouncing Ireland on the way to recovery.
One thing you’ll hear about Ireland, by the way, is that it’s really good news that it has moved into current account surplus.
But Ireland never had all that big a current account deficit; if you look at how much the balance has improved, it’s not much more than in Spain: What all this shows is how much people want to believe in successful austerity, and the way they seize on the tiniest piece of evidence as confirmation of their beliefs.
And called it a successful example of austerity, of course: Like that other implausible candidate for role model, Latvia, Ireland has been hailed as a success story — and a challenge to Keynesians like me — when there was never anything that looked like real success and nothing that posed any sort of puzzle.
(Even in a Keynesian world, internal devaluation will work in the long run if you can stick to it — but in the long run, well, you know the rest.)
The sad thing here is that textbook Keynesian macro has been a very good guide all through this crisis — but nobody will believe it.
I was too busy and too overstretched to weigh in on this earlier, but Sen. Ron Wyden did indeed do a bad, bad thing in his joint proposal with Paul Ryan.
Ezra Klein explains why; and the devil isn’t in the details.
What Wyden did was to give cover to the fundamental fallacy of right-wing attempts to dismantle Medicare: the claim that market competition is the key to reducing health care costs.
We have overwhelming evidence on this — and it just isn’t true.
Looking both within the United States and across countries, if you ask which systems are best at cost control, the ranking looks like this: Government provision as well as financing (socialized medicine) > single payer > market competition Why doesn’t the market work here?
Ken Arrow explained it all half a century ago.
Patients by and large don’t have the information to evaluate medical treatments; in any case, they mainly buy insurance rather than medical care directly; and insurers profit not by providing the most cost-effective care, but by trying to insure people who won’t need care.
And it’s not as if market competition hasn’t been given a try; in this country it has been tried over and over, by politicians who won’t take no for an answer.
Oh, and if someone starts talking about how the Affordable Care Act relies on private insurers, give me a break; the reason the ACA works the way it does is the raw power of the insurance industry, which forced advocates of universal coverage to settle for an inferior system.
I still think that deal was worth doing, but there’s no reason to take Medicare, which does it right — or at least closer to right — and degrade it into a worse system.
So why would anyone who isn’t a right-wing ideologue propose that kind of degradation?
Inquiring minds want to know.
Peter Schiff on Glenn Beck, Dec. 28, 2009: PAYNE: So, where are you then, Peter, with respect to inflation?
Do you think this is going to be the big story of 2010?
SCHIFF: You know, look, I know inflation is going to get worse in 2010.
Whether it’s going to run out of control or it’s going to take until 2011 or 2012, but I know we’re going to have a major currency crisis coming soon.
It’s going to dwarf the financial crisis and it’s going to send consumer prices absolutely ballistic, as well as interest rates and unemployment.
PAYNE: And what does that mean?
For people watching this show, what does that mean for the average American?
SCHIFF: It means their life is going to get a lot more difficult.
It means things that they need to buy, things like food and energy, are going to be much more expensive.
Ultimately, interest rates are going to rise and their entire standard of living is going to plunge.
And I’m hoping the government doesn’t respond to this inflation with price controls because that’s going to make it even worse.
Now, you’re going to be waiting in long lines to get basic food items or to get energy because there’s going to be shortages.
People might be going to the black market.
PAYNE: You’re talking you’re talking Zimbabwe, Weimar, Germany — I mean, you’re really talking about something like that actually happening in this country.
SCHIFF: It will happen if we don’t change policies.
There is still time to change.
PAYNE: Right.
SCHIFF: I mean, I’m running for the United States Senate, so I can try to change that myself.
But if we don’t reverse course, if we continue to stimulate, then we will end up with hyperinflation and it will be like Zimbabwe.
OK, strictly speaking the time hasn’t run out — we could, I guess, see an explosion of inflation next year.
But with commodity prices down, wages going nowhere, and the dollar actually strengthening against other currencies, it’s kind of hard to see where that’s supposed to come from.
Look, the Austrian/Ron Paul types made some very strong predictions about inflation — and rightly, given their model of how the world works.
In their version of reality, it really isn’t possible to triple the monetary base without dire effects on the price level.
In my version of reality, of course, that’s not only possible but what the model predicts in a liquidity trap.
So since we did indeed triple the monetary base with nothing much happening to inflation, the right lesson to draw is that their model is all wrong.
Unfortunately, I see no hint that anyone in that camp is prepared to consider that possibility.
Newish commenters here often fail to understand why I highlight things like falling inflation in Britain or the extremely low interest rates at which the governments of non-euro nations can borrow.
Is it just I-told-you-so?
No.
It’s about economic models — how the world works.
And of course such models have policy implications.
Early on in this crisis I and quite a few other economists — but not enough!
— declared that we had entered a classic liquidity trap.
This is a situation in which even a zero short-term interest rate isn’t low enough to restore full employment; it is, if you think through the logic, a situation in which desired saving, or more accurately the savings people would make if we were at full employment, exceed desired investment even at a zero interest rate.
The liquidity trap — which is in effect a special case of IS-LM analysis — has some special properties.
Notably, even large government borrowing won’t drive up interest rates (not unless the borrowing is enough to restore full employment), and you can print as much money as you like without causing inflation.
The other side, mainly on the political right, ridiculed these claims.
They declared that soaring inflation was just around the corner, and that interest rates would spike.
It’s worth pointing out, by the way, that while conservatives have seized on European sovereign debt for vindication, the euro story is very different from the story conservatives were originally telling.
Italian rates are high because of solvency concerns, while the original right-wing story for interest rates was all about competing for private funds, not worries about repayment.
Here’s Brian Riedl of Heritage, in early 2009: The government is going to have to raise interest rates in order to convince people to lend them the full amount they need.
We’re already facing a deficit of $1.2 trillion this year, and 700 billion next year.
We borrowed $700 billion for TARP, and now we’re going to borrow $800 billion for this stimulus package.
Compare those numbers to the entire public debt, which was 5.8 trillion up until a few months ago.
It’s going to be very difficult for a global economy, which is already in a recession, to supply the U.S. government with [$3 trillion] in new borrowing.
Right now, a lot of banks are happy to buy Treasury bonds because they are safe investments .
.
.
but overall, that may not be enough.
The government may have to raise interest rates higher and higher and higher in order to persuade people to lend their diminishing savings to the government.
And that’s going to hurt the economy for a long time.
So here we are, at the end of 2011.
The Fed has “printed” a lot of money (actually added a lot of money to bank reserves): And the government has continued to borrow huge amounts: So how’s it going?
Interest rates have, of course, remained very low.
As I post this, the real interest rate on 10-year bonds is actually negative.
On the inflation side, the right seized on the runup in commodity prices between the summer of 2010 and the early part of this year as evidence that inflation was taking off — and this runup did lead to a bump in headline inflation.
But as I could have told them — and did, repeatedly — this was not a case of domestically generated inflation, which remained low; it was mainly about demand from emerging markets.
Since the spring commodity prices have headed down again, and inflation has been subsiding.
The moral of the story, then, is that one view of macroeconomics has held up very well in the Lesser Depression; the alternatives have been shown wrong again and again.
I would like to see some of the people on the other side of this debate admit that they got it wrong and change their views.
Also, I’d like a pony.
It continues to be a source of amazement to see what passes for a success story among austerity advocates.
Ireland is proclaimed a huge success despite 14 percent unemployment and a very slow recovery in incomes.
And then there’s Latvia.
Just as a reminder, here’s real GDP in Latvia and, for a heterodox comparison, Iceland (sorry, Iceland isn’t seasonally adjusted — no time to figure out how to talk the Iceland Statistics site into giving me that, but it won’t make a difference): GDP down 24 percent, recovered to being down only 18, is a triumph?
Interestingly, people who trumpet small bounces off a very low floor as successes for austerity tend to describe the New Deal as a failure because the fairly rapid growth after 1933 wasn’t enough to fully restore prosperity until the war.
Funny how that works.
Thanks to a commenter who found the video here.
I don’t know if this is official or sanctioned, although it looks like it; I also don’t know why the Times tech people didn’t alert me.
But anyway, it seems that those who missed the discussion can watch it via that link.
A word about the content: I continue to find Carmen Reinhart’s fatalist view puzzling.
She agrees with me that we’re facing a demand-side problem — but insists that this problem can’t be solved quickly, that we need to go through many years of painful deleveraging that leave millions of potentially productive workers idle.
I agree that this is probably what will happen, given the political realities.
But surely this is a huge failure of policy, not something we should accept as inevitable.
It’s truly bizarre, if you ask me, to say that our economy suffers from too little spending, and that nothing can or should be done to increase that spending.
The Times has a good article on Ireland, focusing on the dissonance between the praise of outsiders and the grim realities for the Irish themselves.
And as the Times notes, all this “successful” austerity has still left the interest rate on Irish debt at a completely unsustainable level.
One thing the article doesn’t mention, however, is the trickiness of measuring Irish growth, which is part of the issue.
Ireland, you see, is a country with an extraordinary amount of foreign-owned capital; this means that gross national product, the income of Irish residents, is substantially smaller than gross domestic product, the income generated in the country.
We normally focus on GDP, because it’s easier to measure accurately, but in Ireland’s case this can be misleading — because the gap between GDP and GNP has been widening.
Here’s real GDP and real GNP from Ireland’s Central Statistical Office, both shown as indices with the peak set = 100: The slump has been deeper, and the recovery even less apparent, when you look at GNP — which is what matters to the Irish — rather than GDP.
What’s going on here?
As I understand it, the recent rise in Irish exports is largely a matter of capital-intensive multinationals — especially pharma — ramping up Irish production.
This is good for GDP, but generates very little income for Irish residents, so that GNP doesn’t gain much.
I don’t want to deny that Ireland is doing somewhat better than the worst fears.
But it’s by no means time to break out the whiskey.
I’ve been playing around with the IMF’s historical public debt database, which has long-term information on ratios of debt to GDP.
And you really have to marvel, given that historical record, at the deficit panic now so widespread.
Here’s debt as a percentage of GDP in Britain, back to 1830: That uptick at the end — you’ll see it if you squint — is what’s driving the Cameron government’s insistence on slashing spending in a liquidity trap.
It’s also interesting to note — contrary to what you often hear — that at the time Keynes was writing, and calling for fiscal stimulus, Britain was substantially deeper in debt than Britain or the United States are now.
In the state of Denmark: Earlier I followed Joe Weisenthal in pointing to the divergence between Sweden and Finland as evidence of the bad effect of not having a central bank willing to act as lender of last resort.
But Denmark is an even more remarkable case.
It still has its own currency — but that currency is pegged to the euro.
Even so, Denmark is being treated as a “haven” country, while Finland — which is very close in terms of both its deficit and its debt performance — is being priced as a risky debtor.
The point, presumably, is that Denmark retains the option of letting its currency float and printing money in an emergency — and this option makes all the difference.
Ryan Avent joins the chorus of those suggesting that the European Central Bank’s decision last spring to start raising rates — a decision that seemed crazy then, and looks even crazier now — was the point at which everything started to fall apart.
But how could what were, in the end, relatively small rate hikes have done large damage?
As Avent says, here is where the expectations channel may have been crucial.
One way to look at it is as a reverse FDR.
A few years ago Gauti Eggertsson published a persuasive analysis (pdf) of the big economic recovery of 1933-37; he argued that it had a lot to do with changed expectations of future monetary policy.
Specifically, by taking America off the gold standard — a shocking move at the time — and explicitly calling for a return to pre-Depression price levels, FDR created an expectation of rising prices that had a salutary effect on demand.
So what happened in spring 2011?
The ECB raised rates even though there was no sign of underlying inflationary pressure beyond a commodity blip, and even though the needed price adjustment in the periphery clearly needed a reasonably high inflation target.
Trichet might as well have gone on TV and announced, “My colleagues and I are determined to make the debt problems of southern Europe insoluble.” And they’ve succeeded.
Never mind drowning the US government in a bathtub: Grover Norquist is trying to drown the whole economy in a lake: The idea that if you take a dollar out of the economy and then — from somebody who earned it, either through debt, or through taxes — and give it to somebody who’s politically connected, that there are more dollars around, that if you stand on one side of the lake and put a bucket into the lake, and walk around to the other side in front of the TV cameras, pour the bucket back into the lake and announce you’re stimulating the lake to great depths.
We just wasted $800 billion on stimulus spending that added to debt, that killed jobs.
OK, this is just Say’s Law.
We don’t know whether Norquist is honest enough with himself to realize that exactly the same logic applies to any spending, that according to his story anyone who borrows to spend, including companies making investments, is just displacing someone else’s spending.
To his credit, Brian Riedl more or less admitted that when he made the same argument a couple of years ago.
But it’s all wrong, of course.
Income can fall to match spending, instead of spending rising to match income — that’s the moral of the babysitting coop story, which I like because it offers an intuitive way to cut through the word games of demand denialists.
Too bad that so many prominent economists fall into the same fallacy.
And it really is very disturbing that arguments like this, arguments that were thoroughly refuted three generations ago, are playing a major role in political debate.
I mean, what’s next?
Will they start rejecting the theory of evolution?
Oh, wait.
Joe Weisenthal has a smart post comparing Sweden and Finland.
Both look solid, and fiscally are in good shape.
But where Swedish bond yields have been plummeting, Finnish yields have risen.
As he says, this looks like the penalty Finland is paying for being part of the euro and lacking a lender of last resort.
I thought I’d look into this a bit more.
Here are Swedish and Finnish 10-year bond yields (ECB monthly data; “November 11″ is actually last Friday): You can see the big divergence as the euro crisis has exploded.
But I think it’s interesting that Finland and Sweden started to diverge back in April.
What happened then?
Ah, yes — the ECB started raising rates.
And as Rebecca Wilder points out, that’s precisely when euro bond spreads began their upward march, culminating in the current crisis.
By itself, that rate hike — although it was obviously, obviously a big mistake — should not have mattered that much.
But maybe it acted as a signal of the ECB’s bloody-mindedness, and that’s what set off the panic.
If that’s what happened, then the ECB’s hard-money madness may have destroyed the euro.
What I have never understood, and still don’t understand, is how European leaders think this is going to work out.
What’s the plan?
Or lacking a plan, what’s the story with a happy ending?
As I see it, the underlying eurozone story is pretty clear and simple.
After the creation of the euro, investors developed a false sense of security about lending to peripheral economies; this led to large capital flows from the core to the periphery, and corresponding current account imbalances: These capital inflows also caused a boom in the periphery that raised costs and prices dramatically compared with the core: Now all of that has to be unwound.
So how is that supposed to happen?
It seems obvious that spending cuts in the periphery have to be offset by spending increases in the core, and also that a way has to be found to make the required real depreciation in the periphery feasible.
But eurozone policy is for austerity everywhere, and a low inflation target for the area as a whole, which means crippling deflation in the periphery.
So where is the story about how this is supposed to work?
As far as I can tell, European policy makers aren’t even thinking about scenarios.
They’re just repeating the old slogans about stable prices and fiscal responsibility, with no narrative at all about how pursuing those virtues can be consistent with European recovery.
Even a few months ago I regarded a complete euro crackup as highly implausible.
Now I’m having trouble finding a plausible story about how the thing survives.
In other news, Jean-Claude Trichet is the new chairman of the Group of 30.
My congratulations.
True, I have said some harsh things about his policies — but as Tessio said, it was only business.
I’ve been getting the predictable hysterical reactions to today’s column.
And it’s true — I’m a Sharia Jewish atheist Marxist who hates America!
Bwahahaha!
But one thing actually worth reacting to is the assertion I keep getting that this is all a distraction, that even if we seized all the money of the top 0.1% it would make no difference to the fiscal outlook.
Here’s a piece of advice nobody will take: before you make assertions about numbers, look at the numbers.
So, what we learn from IRS data is that in 2007, before the Great Recession depressed everyone’s income, the top 0.1% had around $1 trillion in taxable income.
Now, even confiscating that whole sum wouldn’t eliminate our current deficit, especially since the top 0.1% already paid something like a third of that total in taxes.
But then, no single action would close our current budget gap — not even the complete elimination of Social Security or Medicare.
What you want to ask is how much higher taxes on the super-elite might contribute to deficit reduction, as compared with the kinds of things politicians are actually proposing.
So let’s suppose that it was possible to collect an additional 10 percent of that super-elite’s income in taxes, to the tune of $100 billion a year.
How would this stack up against the kinds of things on the table right now?
Well, consider the idea of raising the Medicare eligibility age — a move that would create vast hardship.
According to the Congressional Budget Office (big pdf), when fully phased in this would save … $42 billion a year.
I could multiply comparisons, but the point is that higher taxes on the very rich could make a significant contribution to deficit reduction.
They couldn’t eliminate the deficit on their own, but what could?
There’s real money up there, and those making it should be bearing a share of the burden.
Mark Thoma sends us to the new Journal of Economic Perspectives paper (pdf) on optimal taxes by Peter Diamond and Emmanuel Saez.
It’s a tough read (I’m still working on it myself), but there’s one discussion that I think helps make a useful point about current political debate.
In the first part of the paper, D&S analyze the optimal tax rate on top earners.
And they argue that this should be the rate that maximizes the revenue collected from these top earners — full stop.
Why?
Because if you’re trying to maximize any sort of aggregate welfare measure, it’s clear that a marginal dollar of income makes very little difference to the welfare of the wealthy, as compared with the difference it makes to the welfare of the poor and middle class.
So to a first approximation policy should soak the rich for the maximum amount — not out of envy or a desire to punish, but simply to raise as much money as possible for other purposes.
Now, this doesn’t imply a 100% tax rate, because there are going to be behavioral responses – high earners will generate at least somewhat less taxable income in the face of a high tax rate, either by actually working less or by pushing their earnings underground.
Using parameters based on the literature, D&S suggest that the optimal tax rate on the highest earners is in the vicinity of 70%.
OK, I hear loud screams from the right side of the room.
Parsing those screams, I hear the following arguments: 1.
Theft!
Tyranny!
OK, I hear you.
This can’t be argued on rational grounds; I think there are a lot more important moral issues in the world than defending the right of the rich to keep their money, but whatever.
2.
They’ll go Galt!
This amounts to saying that D&S’s estimate of the “behavioral elasticity” is too low.
Maybe, but they’re pretty careful about that, and your gut isn’t better than their econometrics.
3.
You’ll kill job creation!
This is where it gets interesting.
Right now the official rhetoric of the right, and a fair number of people who consider themselves centrist, is that high-income individuals are “job creators” who must be cherished for the good they do.
Yet textbook economics says that in a competitive economy, the contribution any individual (or for that matter any factor of production) makes to the economy at the margin is what that individual earns — period.
What a worker contributes to GDP with an additional hour of work is that worker’s hourly wage, whether that hourly wage is $6 or $60,000 an hour.
This in turn means that the effect on everyone else’s income if a worker chooses to work one hour less is precisely zero.
If a hedge fund manager gets $60,000 an hour, and he works one hour less, he reduces GDP by $60,000 — but he also reduces his pay by $60,000, so the net effect on other peoples’ incomes is zip.
Of course, he doesn’t actually lose all of that $60,000, since he ends up paying less in taxes.
So there is a loss of revenue from that withdrawal of effort.
But that’s precisely what the Diamond-Saez calculation takes into account, and the reason the optimal top tax rate isn’t 100%.
So, are conservatives comfortable with this analysis?
I would guess not, that they have a deep-seated belief that the 1%, by working harder, are doing the 99% a big favor, creating jobs and raising incomes — and that this gain isn’t fully (or even largely) captured by the money they’re paid.
My point, then, is that this claim — and the lionization of high earners as people who make a vast contribution to society — is not, in fact, something that comes out of the free-market economic principles these people claim to believe in.
Even if you believe that the top 1% or better yet the top 0.1% are actually earning the money they make, what they contribute is what they get, and they deserve no special solicitude.
Ambrose Evans-Pritchard sends us to a very good essay (pdf) by the Centre for European Reform warning of the consequences of relying on the “North European interpretation” of the eurozone crisis, which essentially sees the crisis as a morality tale, pitting those who sinned against those who stuck to the path of virtue.
The major sins of the periphery were government profligacy and losses of competitiveness.
The way out of the crisis, it follows, is straightforward.
It is to emulate the virtuous core by consolidating public finances and improving competitiveness (by raising productivity, reducing wages, or both).
If the periphery can achieve this, then the eurozone debt crisis can be resolved without an institutional leap forward to fiscal union.
Regular readers know that this theme is something I’ve been playing for a while now.
My analysis is pretty close to the Centre’s; let me restate it.
The basic story of the euro so far is that the introduction of the currency, by creating a false sense of safety, led to large capital flows to and correspondingly large current account deficits in the southern European nations, the GIPS (Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain).
(Ireland is a somewhat different though related story, which I won’t take on here.)
Here’s a summary picture: Now these imbalances need to be unwound.
As anyone who has studied international macro can tell you, this requires two things.
First, it requires a redistribution of spending, with the creditors spending more while the debtors spend less.
Second, it requires a real depreciation on the part of the debtors, a real appreciation on the part of the creditors — that is, wages and prices in the GIPS must fall relative to those in Germany.
But the official policy of the eurozone’s leaders is that this adjustment should be entirely one-sided.
Spending must fall in the debtors, but there will be no offsetting expansionary policy in the creditors — so the thrust of policy is entirely contractionary for the eurozone as a whole.
At the same time, the ECB is committed to very low inflation at the aggregate level, which means that real exchange rate adjustment must take place mainly through deflation in the GIPS, which is both very difficult and has the effect of raising their debt burden relative to GDP.
Even with unlimited political will, this would be a recipe for prolonged recession and stagnation in Europe.
With political capital limited in practice — watch Spain’s new government quickly become just as unpopular as the old one!
— it’s a recipe for catastrophe.
No wonder eurocrats placed their faith in the confidence fairy.
But she’s not coming.
It would take a radical reversal of course to save this thing.
And so far I see no willingness to face up to that necessity.
As i watch the politics swirl around the Occupy Wall Street movement, I find myself thinking about Bernie Madoff.
Bear with me here; this might even make sense.
The Madoff affair, as you may know, was a classic case of “affinity fraud”; Madoff was able to gain the trust of wealthy Jews by persuading them that he was their kind of guy.
Affinity fraud lies behind a lot of financial scams — and it lies behind a lot of political scams too.
Right now, the campaign against OWS basically tries to get working Americans to turn on the movement, even though most people support the movement’s goals, by trying to make it seem as if the protestors are people not like you — whereas the plutocrats are.
Hey, this has worked many times in the past; that’s the whole point of “What’s the matter with Kansas.” And it can operate in many directions: OWS should be shunned because they’re dirty hippies, Elizabeth Warren is not-like-you because, horrors, she’s a Harvard professor.
And now that I think of it, the generalized theory of affinity fraud extends beyond politics to things like financial analysis.
I’ve marveled now and then on this blog about the continued popularity on Wall Street of inflationistas, who have been wrong about everything.
I suspect that a lot of it is that economists who issue dire warnings about deficits and money growth come across as the kind of people they’d like to hang out with at the golf course, whereas bearded professors don’t.
So what to do?
Within limits, one should try to allay unnecessary social dissonance.
If you’re going to have a demonstration on behalf of working Americans, can the drumming circles.
The class warriors on the right want to convince people it’s really a culture war, and you don’t want to make their job easier.
But there are limits.
No, I won’t take up golf.
Alan Cowell has an interesting piece contrasting public attitudes toward austerity now with attitudes toward the austerity that was the norm in postwar Britain — and beautifully described by the late Tony Judt.
As he notes, one major difference is that back then the sacrifice was shared.
But there are some other differences, arguably even more crucial.
First, here’s a little chart from a useful summary of British historical statistics (pdf): Postwar Britain had rationing; material consumption was depressed; but it had full employment.
This is enormously important.
All the evidence I’ve seen says that the psychological cost of unemployment is much greater than the loss of income.
(And I know people who are comfortably fixed for money, but deeply depressed over their inability to find a job.)
That’s why it’s so dumb to say, as some do, that things aren’t so bad in America right now because per capita consumption is still high by historical standards.
Second, postwar austerity in Britain was driven by real, obvious limits on resources.
In particular, foreign exchange was in short supply.
At a basic level, people knew why things were rationed — Britain had spent heavily on the war, it had to scrimp to pay its bills.
Today, by contrast, austerity is being imposed because men in suits say that it’s necessary to satisfy the invisible gods of the financial market.
It’s understandable that the public is beginning to have its doubts, and not just because those invisible gods somehow demand sacrifices only from workers, never from the wealthy.
For the fact is that those men in suits have no idea what they’re doing — a fact that was apparent to some of us early on, but it now becoming common knowledge.
And so if you want to contrast the stoicism of the postwar populace with the anger and confusion of today’s voters, don’t blame consumerism; blame our leaders, who have imposed gratuitous, unfair pain on their constituents, who are finally starting to figure it out.
A quick note right now, maybe more later.
One question that keeps coming up is, how can I reconcile my scorn for warnings about bond vigilantes with what is happening to Italy?
This seems especially pointed because I have in the past used Italy’s ability to carry debt exceeding its GDP as an illustration that debt concerns were overblown.
The answer lies in the concept of original sin.
Not the Pope’s kind, but the economics kind — the long-standing notion that developing countries were especially vulnerable to financial crises because they borrowed in foreign currency.
(Yes, the linked paper actually raises some distinctions between currency mismatch and original sin; never mind for now).
The key point is that by joining the euro, Italy took a bite of the apple — it converted its advanced-country status, as a nation issuing debt in its own currency, into original sin, with debts in someone else’s currency (Europe’s in principle, Germany’s in practice).
That is the root of its new vulnerability.
More on all this later, I hope.
That’s what the late Molly Ivins always called Rick Perry, with the implication that there wasn’t much underneath.
And I always thought she was exaggerating.
And yet, even now Mitt Romney may not be a shoo-in.
People I’m in contact with believe that there’s still another Anyone But Romney candidate in serious play.
And I say that with relish — although actually I’m in Mainz, doing a couple of talks.
Here’s a slide from one of the talks:
Steve Randy Waldman has a characteristically interesting post on interest rates.
He starts from the observation that real rates are now negative — lenders are actually willing to accept a negative yield on inflation-protected bonds: He then argues that the”natural” real rate of interest — the interest rate that would match savings and investment at full employment — has been negative for quite a while, and that we’re only seeing this now because various bubbles and deregulatory schemes have masked the reality.
What he doesn’t say, but immediately strikes anyone who knows some of the history here, is that this amounts to a return of the “secular stagnation” hypothesis that was popular in the early postwar years; the hypothesis was that there was a fundamental excess of desired savings over desired investment, and that this would require government intervention on a sustained basis to achieve full employment.
That hypothesis proved wrong at the time, but that doesn’t mean it couldn’t be true now.
And I’m somewhat sympathetic to the view that it might indeed be true.
Waldman goes on to suggest that high income inequality is what’s driving this — he has a little parable involving bakers and bread that ultimately comes down to the rich being satiated while the poor cannot afford to buy.
OK, I like little parables.
But I have a problem with this one, for one simple reason: any such story, basically an underconsumptionist story, would seem to depend on the notion that rising inequality has led to rising savings.
And you just don’t see that.
Here’s private saving as a share of GDP: Obviously it jumped up after the housing bust, but until then it was actually declining, and even now it’s below historic highs.
I just don’t see how to make the underconsumption story work.
But then the question is, why do we find it so hard to achieve full employment even with saving somewhat low by historical standards.
And the answer seems clear: it’s the trade deficit.
America in the 70s and 80s could have high savings, not hugely strong investment, but still have full employment because trade deficits weren’t as large compared with the economy as they are now.
And this in turn means that the savings glut possibly making the natural real rate negative is actually originating abroad, not at home.
Do you sort of see why I’m a hawk on China policy?
Gavyn Davies has a very good piece today offering another way to think about the euromess.
I say “another way to think” advisedly — his analysis of the basics is, as far as I can tell, identical to mine, but he offers a different angle of approach that may be better than the route the rest of us have been taking.
Here’s Davies: It is normal to discuss the sovereign debt problem by focusing on the sustainability of public debt in the peripheral economies.
But it can be more informative to view it as a balance of payments problem.
Taken together, the four most troubled nations (Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece) have a combined current account deficit of $183 billion.
Most of this deficit is accounted for by the public sector deficits of these countries, since their private sectors are now roughly in financial balance.
Offsetting these deficits, Germany has a current account surplus of $182 billion, or about 5 per cent of its GDP.
The euro problem can then be defined a finding a way (1) to finance these imbalances in the short run (2) end the imbalances over the medium run.
It’s also worth noting that we’re not talking about imbalances that have been going on forever.The internal imbalances of Europe are a recent development, coinciding with and almost surely caused in large part by the creation of the euro itself (GIPS is Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain): So how are these imbalances to be closed?
European leaders have been completely unwilling to confront that question.
Yesterday’s big Times piece offers a portrait of leaders — Trichet in particular — engaged in furious denial.
It wasn’t just the insistence on Trichet’s part that no default could ever happen.
The European Central Bank also went all in for the doctrine of expansionary austerity, aka belief in the confidence fairy.
And what Davies’s post drives home is that implicitly at least European leaders went in for the doctrine of immaculate transfer — in effect, they wanted to believe that the huge payments imbalances could be ended without major changes in relative prices.
So what’s happening instead is forced austerity in the deficit countries, not matched by expansionary policies elsewhere, in a low aggregate inflation environment — the ECB actually raised rates!
— that makes adjustment almost impossible.
The result is a eurozone headed for recession, and one in which a breakup of the euro itself is looking ever more possible.
Awesome.
A number of readers have asked why the United States doesn’t have internal problems with balance of payments imbalances comparable to those afflicting the euro zone.
I’ll try to put together a more thorough analysis in a few days.
But there was actually a lot of discussion about these issues two decades ago, when Europeans were launching their big drive for monetary union and skeptical Anglo-Saxons were saying hey, are you sure about this?
At the time, there were two big stories; now we have to add a third.
First, we have huge interregional labor mobility.
(Blanchard and Katz (pdf) is the classic reference).
This helps in the boom as well as the slump: when there’s an inrush of money into a state, that draws in workers, but does not do too much to drive up wages relative to the rest of the country.
That way, when the music stops, costs aren’t as much out of line as they are in, say, Spain right now.
Second, fiscal integration: booming states pay a lot in taxes, slumping states get a lot of automatic transfers.
Finally, what we’ve learned now is that an integrated banking system and common deposit insurance / FannieFreddie and all that mean that the vicious circle running through sovereign debt and banks is a lot less severe.
What all this comes down to, of course, is that a common currency has a much better chance of working if you actually have a nation.
A thought before tomorrow’s markets open in Europe: might we be seeing Italy go careening off the edge in the next few days?
I mean, even more than it has?
The FT suggests that we might, writing of a “danger zone”.
I’m trying to think about this, so a few observations.
First, there is a potential vicious circle in which higher rates raise Italy’s interest burden and push the country into defaulting.
This is real; the question is how quickly it can operate given the fairly long maturity of Italian debt.
Second, there is the question the FT raises, about whether rising spreads will trigger an increase in required margins.
I would consider the margin question part of a broader issue, which I think of as Shleifer-Vishny, after their classic paper on the limits of arbitrage (pdf).
Their point was that a fall in the price of some asset, even if it should in principle present a buying opportunity if the fundamentals haven’t changed, may actually be self-reinforcing instead if there is a limited class of leveraged investors who buy that asset.
Why?
Because the capital losses those investors suffer may force them to pull back instead of piling in.
I can see this happening here.
Most Italian debt may be held by stolid domestic players, but at the margin are financial institutions that are quite possibly going to be forced to cut their holdings if Italian interest rates rise, because this will reduce the value of the bonds they already hold.
So things could quite possibly go blooey in the very near future.
Of course, this is yet another reason for the ECB to come in to short-circuit this process.
Hello, Mario?
The next few days could be very interesting.
OK, let me start by talking about Mel Gibson for a minute.
Bear with me, this is actually relevant.
Back in 2000 Gibson made a movie, The Patriot, about the Revolutionary War.
(I think I saw it on an airplane).
And when the movie came out, Michael Lind wrote an essay that has stuck with me, pointing out that nobody involved in the picture seemed to know what patriotism means.
The Gibson character was presented as a man who refused to get involved until his own family was hurt — then, he went to war for personal revenge.
And this was supposed to show his patriotism.
As Lind said, the truth is that that’s more or less the opposite of patriotism, which is about making sacrifices for the national good, not serving your personal motives or interests.
Which brings me to the subject of this post, the apparently equally misunderstood concept of hypocrisy.
I’ve been getting some personal attacks on this front, but it’s a bigger issue than that.
Here’s the personal version: suppose that you’re a professor/columnist who advocates higher taxes on high incomes and a stronger social safety net — but you yourself earn enough from various sources that you will pay some of those higher taxes and are unlikely to rely on that stronger safety net.
A remarkable number of people look at that combination of personal and political positions and cry “Hypocrisy!” Wait — it’s not just about me and the wingnuts.
If you remember the 2004 election, which unfortunately I do, there were quite a few journalists who basically accused John Kerry of being “inauthentic” because he was a rich man advocating policies that would help the poor and the middle class.
Apparently you can only be authentic if your politics reflect pure personal self-interest — Mitt Romney is Mr. Natural.
So to say what should be obvious but apparently isn’t: supporting policies that are to your personal financial disadvantage isn’t hypocrisy — it’s civic virtue!
But, say the wingnuts, you say that rich people are evil.
Actually, no — that’s a right-wing fantasy about what liberals believe.
I don’t want to punish the rich, I just want them to pay more taxes.
You can favor redistribution without indulging in class hatred; it’s only the defenders of privilege who try to claim otherwise.
Lind’s essay about Mel Gibson ended with concerns that we may have lost the sense of what citizenship and its duties mean.
Indeed.
If people can’t comprehend what it means to work for larger goals than their own interest, if they actually consider any deviation from self-service somehow a sign of phoniness, we, as a nation, are lost.
I see from comments here and elsewhere that the usual obfuscators are rolling out the old income mobility defense: sure, a few people get a lot of the income, but it’s different people every year, so no harm.
I think it’s coming from the Tax Foundation this time.
But if you actually read the CBO report, it already deals with that issue: Household income measured over a multiyear period is more equally distributed than income measured over one year, although only modestly so.
Given the fairly substantial movement of households across income groups over time, it might seem that income measured over a number of years should be significantly more equally distributed than income measured over one year.
However, much of the movement of households involves changes in income that are large enough to push households into different income groups but not large enough to greatly affect the overall distribution of income.
Multiyear income measures also show the same pattern of increasing inequality over time as is observed in annual measures.
Translation: sure, many people who have incomes greater than $1 million one year fall out of the category the next year — but that’s typically because their income fell from, say, 1.05 million to 0.95 million, not because they went back to being middle class.
And the new millionaires are typically people who were making just shy of a million the year before, not Horatio Alger stories.
And if you’d been following this subject you would know that this fallacy has been well understood for decades.
Look, let me make a public service announcement: if you rely on bought and paid for sources on income inequality, you’re going to embarrass yourself again and again.
These people never get it right, because their whole reason for being is to obfuscate.
You should never, ever, trust what they say on this issue.
Working on other things today, so I’m late to this.
The ECB cut rates — which everyone knew was going to happen eventually, but people thought they would delay to save face.
And Papandreou was bullied convinced to call off the referendum.
And the markets cheered.
But it’s really hard to see this as any kind of turning point.
The situation still looks impossible without dramatic policy changes that are hard to see happening.
One problem with blogging is that at any given time many of your readers don’t know about ground you’ve already covered.
I’ve tried to remedy that in part with my list of macroeconomics posts over to the right — before commenting on my macro analysis, you might want to read them.
Still, it sometimes helps to repost an earlier argument.
So, about why the euro needs inflation to work, here’s what I wrote some time ago: Jean-Claude Trichet is sounding hawkish about inflation again — and this is very bad news for the European periphery.
Let me offer a stylized example to explain why.
So, imagine a eurozone that contains only two countries, Germany and Spain.
And let’s make two assumptions: first, Germany’s economy is three times the size of Spain’s, so that German inflation is 3/4 of the overall index, Spain’s inflation 1/4; second, past events have left Spanish wages and prices 20 percent logarithmic too high relative to Germany.
(Why logarithmic?
So I can just add percentage changes, without having to worry about compounding.)
Now suppose that you want to get relative prices and wages back in line over the course of 5 years.
How can this happen?
Well, one way or another we need to have German inflation 4 points higher than Spanish inflation over that period.
So consider two scenarios: in scenario A, we have 2 percent German inflation and 2 percent Spanish deflation.
This implies an overall eurozone inflation rate of 1 percent.
In scenario B, we have 4 percent German inflation and zero Spanish inflation, implying eurozone inflation of 3 percent.
In a frictionless world, it wouldn’t matter which scenario gets chosen.
But in reality, scenario A, the low-inflation scenario, is vastly worse for Spain — for two reasons.
First, it’s much, much harder to get actual deflation than simply to have stable prices, so scenario A means much higher unemployment.
Second, because Spanish debt is in euros, scenario A implies a significantly worse debt burden.
So what we’re seeing is an ECB catering to German desires for low inflation, very much at the expense of making the problems of peripheral economies much less tractable.
This is going to be ugly.
I’d add that the ECB and European leaders have been in complete denial on this point, willing neither to acknowledge the deflation their policies require nor to accept the need for higher overall inflation if deflation is to be avoided.
One problem with blogging is that at any given time many of your readers don’t know about ground you’ve already covered.
I’ve tried to remedy that in part with my list of macroeconomics posts over to the right — before commenting on my macro analysis, you might want to read them.
Still, it sometimes helps to repost an earlier argument.
So, about why the euro needs inflation to work, here’s what I wrote some time ago: Jean-Claude Trichet is sounding hawkish about inflation again — and this is very bad news for the European periphery.
Let me offer a stylized example to explain why.
So, imagine a eurozone that contains only two countries, Germany and Spain.
And let’s make two assumptions: first, Germany’s economy is three times the size of Spain’s, so that German inflation is 3/4 of the overall index, Spain’s inflation 1/4; second, past events have left Spanish wages and prices 20 percent logarithmic too high relative to Germany.
(Why logarithmic?
So I can just add percentage changes, without having to worry about compounding.)
Now suppose that you want to get relative prices and wages back in line over the course of 5 years.
How can this happen?
Well, one way or another we need to have German inflation 4 points higher than Spanish inflation over that period.
So consider two scenarios: in scenario A, we have 2 percent German inflation and 2 percent Spanish deflation.
This implies an overall eurozone inflation rate of 1 percent.
In scenario B, we have 4 percent German inflation and zero Spanish inflation, implying eurozone inflation of 3 percent.
In a frictionless world, it wouldn’t matter which scenario gets chosen.
But in reality, scenario A, the low-inflation scenario, is vastly worse for Spain — for two reasons.
First, it’s much, much harder to get actual deflation than simply to have stable prices, so scenario A means much higher unemployment.
Second, because Spanish debt is in euros, scenario A implies a significantly worse debt burden.
So what we’re seeing is an ECB catering to German desires for low inflation, very much at the expense of making the problems of peripheral economies much less tractable.
This is going to be ugly.
I’d add that the ECB and European leaders have been in complete denial on this point, willing neither to acknowledge the deflation their policies require nor to accept the need for higher overall inflation if deflation is to be avoided.
Via David Dayen, the favored candidate of those who believe we need a smart centrist to solve our nation’s problems reveals himself to be completely ignorant about the causes of our economic crisis, someone who just swallows right-wing propaganda whole: “I hear your complaints,” Bloomberg said.
“Some of them are totally unfounded.
It was not the banks that created the mortgage crisis.
It was, plain and simple, Congress who forced everybody to go and give mortgages to people who were on the cusp.
Now, I’m not saying I’m sure that was terrible policy, because a lot of those people who got homes still have them and they wouldn’t have gotten them without that.
“But they were the ones who pushed Fannie and Freddie to make a bunch of loans that were imprudent, if you will.
They were the ones that pushed the banks to loan to everybody.
And now we want to go vilify the banks because it’s one target, it’s easy to blame them and congress certainly isn’t going to blame themselves.
You can read lots about how wrong this is; Mike Konczal has done it at great length, for example here.
The fact is that for any public figure to go with the Congress-did-it argument at this stage is for him to reveal both that he is grossly ignorant about the central policy issue of the day and that he gets his “analysis” from right-wing flacks.
Some centrist hero.
Ah, so now we have a new principle of economics: government spending can’t create jobs, but cuts in government spending can destroy jobs — as long as the jobs are in the defense sector It took months of fighting — the threat of a government shutdown, the graver threat of a default on the national debt, and now a new threat of major, automatic cuts to Medicare and defense programs — but Congress’ deficit obsession has finally exposed the rarest of all species: Republican Keynesians.
With just a under a month until the deficit Super Committee must recommend policies that cut the 10 year deficit by $1.2 trillion, members of the Republican party — the same party that’s been on the war path for deep spending cuts, and that decries President Obama’s “failed stimulus” — are making uncharacteristic arguments against slashing spending.
Trim too much, too quickly, they warn, and people will lose their jobs!
… “What’s more, cutting our military—either by eliminating programs or laying off soldiers—brings grave economic costs,” wrote Chairman Buck McKeon (R-CA) in a Wall Street Journal op-ed last week.
“[I]f the super committee fails to reach an agreement, its automatic cuts would kill upwards of 800,000 active-duty, civilian and industrial American jobs.
This would inflate our unemployment rate by a full percentage point, close shipyards and assembly lines, and damage the industrial base that our warfighters need to stay fully supplied and equipped.” One thought here is that a Keynesian is an Austrian whose campaign contributors are about to lose a lucrative contract.
But it also harks back to Keynes’s point, when he suggested burying bottles full of cash in disused coalmines, so that private enterprise could dig them back up and create jobs in the process: It is curious how common sense, wriggling for an escape from absurd conclusions, has been apt to reach a preference for wholly ‘wasteful’ forms of loan expenditure rather than for partly wasteful forms, which, because they are not wholly wasteful, tend to be judged on strict ‘business’ principles.
For example, unemployment relief financed by loans is more readily accepted than the financing of improvements at a charge below the current rate of interest; whilst the form of digging holes in the ground known as gold-mining, which not only adds nothing whatever to the real wealth of the world but involves the disutility of labour, is the most acceptable of all solutions.
That’s it exactly.
Propose some kind of public investment, say in green energy, and the right screams “Solyndra!
Waste!
Fraud!” But propose spending the same amount on weapons that we don’t need, and it’s all good.
If only we could convince Republicans that solar power or mass transit were complete wastes, but that they would upset some foreign power — the French, that’s it!
— a big stimulus program might sail through.
Mark Thoma sends us to John Cassidy on the absence of really new ideas in this crisis — largely because we didn’t need new ideas, all we needed for the most part was to remember things that we somehow forgot.
This is a theme dear to my heart.
The crisis we’re in is not something unprecedented.
It’s a close cousin to the Great Depression — milder, but recognizably the same sort of thing.
And we understand — or used to understand — how the Depression happened, and what to do in such a situation.
Most of what’s required are fairly straightforward translations of existing concepts.
For example, we have a pretty good understanding of bank runs; extending that framework to shadow banking requires little more than the understanding that repo and other kinds of short-maturity obligations are, from an economic point of view, more or less equivalent to deposits.
So how is it that policy is so confused and lost?
I’ve been arguing for a while that much of the economics profession has lost its way, recapitulating old errors because it made a point of unlearning what Keynes taught.
But it’s not just economists who willfully threw away hard-won insights.
On Monday night we had a panel discussion of the euro crisis at Princeton — me, Chris Sims, Hyun Shin, Markus Brunnermeier.
I was struck by some of what Sims had to say.
He pointed out that central banks have always had a wider mandate than simply guaranteeing price stability; they’ve always served as lenders of last resort, including having a standby capacity to finance the government in times of need.
And there are good, well-understood reasons for this wider mandate.
Yet the creators of the euro essentially threw away hard-won wisdom — stuff that Bagehot knew in the 19th century!
— to create a stripped-down central bank without the powers or flexibility that history has shown are necessary.
What were they thinking?
The result of all this is that the supposedly sober, serious people are actually radicals insisting that we can make the economy work in ways that it has never worked in the past — hence the embrace of magical thinking on expansionary austerity and the power of structural reform.
Meanwhile, the irresponsible bearded professors are actually the custodians of traditional wisdom.
And those who are determined to forget the past run a high risk of reliving it — which is why we’re in the state we’re in.
Iceland’s condition can at best be described as “not as bad as it could have been.” I’m getting a lot of correspondence, in particular, about the problem of household debt.
During the boom Icelandic citizens borrowed quite a lot, often with loans that were either euro-denominated or indexed to inflation.
With the krona depreciated and real wages lower thanks to higher import prices, this leaves a lot of people in debt distress.
The question you should ask, however, is how this might have been avoided; and in particular, whether a “Latvian” solution — clinging grimly to a fixed exchange rate, and trying to regain competitiveness through deflation — would have been any better.
And the answer, as Edward Hugh and I tried to argue a while back, is no.
“Internal devaluation”, in which you get there by cutting wages instead of reducing the value of your currency, has the same effect of blowing up debt burdens as devaluation devaluation, and maybe worse if at least some debt is denominated in domestic currency.
I’m not feeling comfortable enough with my understanding of Icelandic specifics to know how debt relief should be handled; but pegging to the euro would not have helped on that front, and would have led to a much worse crash in employment.
It now appears that as of today European leaders have boldly agreed to … announce something or other later in the week.
Meanwhile, a couple of thoughts.
First, the grim news from Greece is, as many commentators are pointing out, a big refutation for the doctrine of “expansionary austerity.” And it’s worth pointing out that European leaders, and especially the ECB, went in for that doctrine in a big way.
Look at the June 2010 monthly report of the ECB (pdf), specifically the discussion of “fiscal consolidation” on page 83 and following.
Basically, the ECB pooh-poohs any notion that austerity would have major negative effects on the economy, suggests that it’s quite likely that the confidence fairy will make everything OK, and specifically says that Determined action on the part of governments to undertake fiscal and structural reforms is necessary to preserve stability and cohesion in the euro area.
A sustained commitment to consolidation, possibly including a speeding up of current plans and their delivery, is required from all governments to ensure that the time afforded by the exceptional measures is used to put public finances on a permanently sounder footing.
[emphasis added] So the ECB was calling for austerity everywhere.
Was any concern expressed about how that would affect Europe-wide growth?
Was there any suggestion of expansionary monetary policy to offset such a coordinated fiscal contraction?
No and no.
And now they’re shocked, shocked that the Greek economy is plunging into a hole.
Meanwhile, I see that Wolfgang Munchau is appropriately horrified by what he hears about the plans for a rescue fund.
As he says, the notion of leveraging up funds from the remaining AAA Europeans amounts to creating either a super-AIG or a super-CDO — basically trading off the AAA rating of those countries to make private investors feel safe.
The problem is that taking on that commitment could very quickly push France into non-AAA status, collapsing the whole thing.
It really has to be the ECB, for this to have any chance of working.
But that’s apparently off the table.
Ah, remember when right-leaning economists were mocking the Euroskeptics, including yours truly?
I’m doing a fair bit of research before heading off to Iceland next week, and I thought it might be worth explaining why this tiny nation is so interesting.
The thing is, it’s not for the expected reason.
When the magnitude of the crisis became apparent, Iceland was the poster child for the irresponsibility that brought it on.
Inside Job began with scenes of Iceland; Michael Lewis went there, not to Ireland or Latvia, to tell tales of bankers gone mad; the Ig Nobels gave their economics prize to the bankers of Iceland.
Iceland, in short, was supposed to be the worst of the worst, an object lesson in how bad things could be.
Yet if you look at how it’s doing now compared with economies generally considered in the same class, you see this: You can play with different numbers and try to make Iceland look worse in comparison, but the bottom line here is that Iceland — while it has suffered terribly — really does not seem to have done as badly as other countries that seemed to have much less awful fundamentals.
Part of the story, of course, is that Iceland refused to take responsibility for the debts run up by runaway bankers.
But the other part of the story, surely, involves the exchange rate.
The others were either on the euro or insisted on remaining pegged to it; Iceland allowed a big depreciation of the krona.
Basically, what all of these countries experienced was a “sudden stop” — huge inflows of capital came to a screeching halt.
What has to happen if a country is going to adjust to such a sudden stop is a sharp fall in the relative price of its goods and labor, because it needs to export much more and/or import much less.
If you’re not going to get this via a currency depreciation, you have to have an “internal devaluation” — a fall in money wages and prices.
And nominal wages are downwardly rigid.
That’s simply a fact, true always and everywhere.
Consider the comparison between wage adjustment in Iceland and Ireland.
Within the euro zone, Ireland is being hailed for making big efforts to get costs down, much more so than Spain or Greece.
But here’s what the actual course of wages looks like: Ireland, with 14 percent unemployment, has managed a small decline in wages from their peak.
Icelandic wages are up in krona, but way down in euros, to an extent that seems almost unimaginable in a euro zone economy.
(Bigger falls in the Baltics than in Ireland, but I’m still working on the data.)
So why does the most recent OECD survey on Iceland, which generally praises the country’s adjustment, also say that Iceland should join the euro?
Anyway, Iceland is an important example.
More about all that in a few days.
Brad DeLong sends us to Roman Frydman sending us to an interview of Tom Sargent that touches on the shift of freshwater schools to “calibration” — which basically means tweaking the parameters of your model until it fits some aspects of the data, rather than flat-out estimating the model.
I have a slightly different take on this from Brad’s — not a disagreement, but a somewhat different perspective.
In one of my home fields, international trade, there’s fairly widespread use of “computable general equilibrium” models — fully internally consistent models about how prices and quantities fit together, with some parameters that are guesstimates based on the literature, and others that are tweaked so as to match actual trade flows in some base period.
These models are then used for “what-if” analyses, especially the effects of possible changes in trade policy.
I think this is an acceptable practice, as long as you keep your perspective.
The models clearly aren’t literally true, and in no sense are you testing your theory.
What you’re basically doing is elaborate thought experiments that are somewhat disciplined by the data, and which you hope are more informative than just plain guesses.
The point is that if you have a conceptual model of some aspect of the world, which you know is at best an approximation, it’s OK to see what that model would say if you tried to make it numerically realistic in some dimensions.
But doing this gives you very little help in deciding whether you are more or less on the right analytical track.
I was going to say no help, but it is true that a calibration exercise is informative when it fails: if there’s no way to squeeze the relevant data into your model, or the calibrated model makes predictions that you know on other grounds are ludicrous, something was gained.
But no way is calibration a substitute for actual econometrics that tests your view about how the world works.
Yet the freshwater guys have in large part exalted calibration into a substitute for econometrics.
(I recall a story about one freshwater department that wanted to eliminate econometrics from the graduate curriculum and replace it with analysis, on the grounds that the models weren’t yet ready for testing.
If anyone knows more about this, can you let me know?)
Why was this?
It helps to understand the origins of the freshwater-saltwater divide, which actually began as a dispute about monetary policy.
Lucas said that monetary policy could have real effects only as long as workers and firms were confused about whether a shortfall in demand was economy-wide or specific to them.
This view proved unsustainable because recessions last too long, and also because rational observers could figure out what’s going on by looking at interest rates and other asset prices.
So the real business cycle theorists came in and said that technology shocks were driving the cycle, and money had nothing to do with it.
But what the data actually say — see Romer and Romer lecture 3 (pdf) — is that changes in monetary policy have large and sustained effects on output and employment.
This tells us right off the bat that equilibrium macro is wrong, which is presumably why Sims says that the New Keynesians are the ones actually trying to come to grips with the data.
By the time this reality was clear, however, a large part of the macro field was committed, ideologically and professionally, to an anti-Keynesian view.
It was not acceptable even to consider the possibility that they were on the wrong track.
Hence models must be calibrated, not tested.
If this sounds crazy to you, that’s because it is.
The right was quick to claim this year’s economics Nobel as an anti-Keynesian prize.
Chris Sims sets the record straight: Professor Sims doesn’t want to be pigeonholed.
“I’m not ‘non-Keynesian,’ ” he said, adding that he has been an active “promoter of new Keynesian macroeconomic models,” because they “are the place in our profession where theory and data and policy decision-making are coming together.” “It doesn’t really make much sense to stand on the sidelines and take potshots at them,” he said.
“If you don’t like the way they’re working, you should try to do better.” He and Professor Sargent have been “trying to do empirical macroeconomics using formal tools of statistics,” he said.
“Those tools aren’t in themselves ideological.” Professor Sims spoke favorably of the Obama administration’s fiscal stimulus programs, which are Keynesian in their countercyclical spending.
“An expansionary fiscal policy is probably what we need right now,” he said.
Let me also add a bit of meta here.
What does an economics Nobel mean?
What does it do?
Not what some people seem to think.
Anyone who imagines that the Nobel can tip the balance between rival schools of thought in macroeconomics or anything else is just being silly.
The committee that chooses each year’s Nobel is just a committee — smart, well-informed, and scrupulous, but not gifted with godlike powers of discernment not granted to mortal men.
So why does the prize matter?
Mainly, I’d say, because it gives visibility.
And the main way the Nobel can alter the debate is by highlighting work that wasn’t getting as much attention it arguably should.
Something like, say, Herbert Simon’s Nobel can raise the profile of a line of work in ways that affect both public debate and actual research.
In my own case — hey, we can’t avoid that subject — I think there were two things.
One was that the trade and geography under increasing returns project that a number of us had advanced over the previous several decades was not as widely known even within economics as you might have expected; the field can be surprisingly fragmented.
The other was that a lot of people who knew me only as a Times columnist were informed for the first time that I had this other side.
The point, however, is that the verdict wasn’t what mattered; it was the increased visibility.
So the Sims/Sargent prize isn’t a vindication of anyone or any particular point of view; it’s basically a signal saying, hey, if you haven’t been aware of this important line of work, now is a good time to read up on it.
Oh, and in case I haven’t made this clear, hearty congratulations again to both men.
Whatever happened to the strong, silent types?
The substance of current politics aside, what’s truly striking is the prevalence of cries of victimization.
And it’s not lily-livered liberals who do the whining — they’re actually relatively stoic.
No, it’s the supposed defenders of individualism and the American way.
The wife of Rick Perry — who, given his performance recently, has obviously led an incredibly charmed and sheltered political life until now — believes that he’s being persecuted for his faith.
Wall Street billionaires complain that the president has been looking at them funny, or whine that protestors don’t understand how much taxes they pay.
Right-wing operatives with incredibly good lives compared with most Americans complain about having to work hard.
What’s the Greek for “rule by spoiled brats”?
Oh, and the title of this post comes from Feist, or actually Mountain Man, her backup singers.
Mike Konczal has some thoughts on the Obama administration’s economic missteps, and mentions that there were reports in Fall 2009 that the administration was afraid of the invisible bond vigilantes: Noam Schieber at the New Republic was getting word from Treasury as early as late 2009 that they thought that they needed “some signal to U.S. bondholders that it takes the deficit seriously” and “spending more money now [on stimulus] could actually raise long-term rates, thereby offsetting its stimulative effect.” This naturally lead to wanting to strike “grand bargains” with the other side, a path that lead the administration down some bad roads in terms of the agenda.
I was hearing the same thing, with more specifics; as I wrote at the time, Well, what I hear is that officials don’t trust the demand for long-term government debt, because they see it as driven by a “carry trade”: financial players borrowing cheap money short-term, and using it to buy long-term bonds.
They fear that the whole thing could evaporate if long-term rates start to rise, imposing capital losses on the people doing the carry trade; this could, they believe, drive rates way up, even though this possibility doesn’t seem to be priced in by the market.
Even then, this seemed awesomely wrong-headed: policy makers were being scared off dealing with a real economic disaster by threats that existed only in their imagination.
Now, of course, it looks even worse.
Russ Roberts tries to debunk my explanation of the reasons to believe in a broadly Keynesian view of the world — and reveals more than he intended.
First, a few points.
Roberts treats my statement that we have a lot of evidence on the effects of monetary policy, not so much on fiscal policy, as being somehow slippery.
But if you are at all familiar with the reality of macroeconomic policy, you know that there’s an obvious reason: monetary policy, which is set by a small committee without the need to pass legislation, is routinely used as a tool for managing the economy; discretionary fiscal policy isn’t.
The classic Romer and Romer study showing that monetary policy matters was based precisely on the frequent use of monetary policy as a deliberate tool: The central part of the paper is a study of postwar U.S. monetary history.
We identify six episodes in which the Federal Reserve in effect decided to attempt to create a recession to reduce inflation.
Six such episodes between 1945 and 1990; there is no comparable profusion of fiscal examples.
Roberts also says, well, I choose some studies of austerity, but others reach different conclusions.
Yes — but not all studies are created equal.
In fact, the last two years of research on fiscal policy have clarified a lot.
Initially, a lot of credence was given to work like that of Alesina and Ardagna, which tried to identity changes in fiscal policy using mildly fancy time-series analysis — and seemed to find evidence of expansionary contraction.
But everyone who looked at that work closely quickly noticed that their supposed episodes of both stimulus and austerity didn’t seem to correspond at all to known changes in policy.
When economists started doing studies using the Milton Friedman/ Romer and Romer mthod –that is, using historical information to identify actual changes in policy — the results turned clearly Keynesian.
But the main thing wrong with Roberts’s piece is the assumption that people like me are just mirror images of people like him: Krugman is a Keynesian because he wants bigger government.
I’m an anti-Keynesian because I want smaller government.
Both of us can find evidence for our worldviews.
This is wrong on multiple levels.
First of all, while conservatives see smaller government as an end in itself, liberals don’t see bigger government the same way.
Think about it: while you often see conservatives crow about, say, reducing discretionary spending as a good thing just because the number is down, do you ever see liberals crowing about a rise in spending, never mind what on?
Liberals want government to do certain things, like provide essential health care; the size of government per se isn’t the objective.
Second, Keynesianism is not and never has been about promoting bigger government.
Outside the US, this is obvious: there have been Tory Keynesians in Britain, the Germans favor both a big welfare state with heavy regulation and balanced budgets.
Even in the US, when the political heat isn’t so intense, you find conservative economists promoting quite Keynesian views of stabilization policy — Greg Mankiw is the editor of two volumes on New Keynesian Economics, and the Bushies were quite happy to argue for tax cuts as a way to boost spending.
What is true is that some conservatives in America have always opposed Keynesian thought because they believe it legitimizes an active role for government — but that’s not what Keynesianism is about, and not the reason I or others support it.
Which brings me to the final point.
Russ Roberts may choose his economic views because they support his political prejudices.
I try not to.
Maybe I sometimes fall short — but I try to analyze the economy as best I can, never mind what’s politically convenient, and indeed to bend over backward to avoid believing things that make me comfortable, to avoid turning everything into a morality play that confirms my political values.
Here’s an example: is economic inequality the source of our macroeconomic malaise?
Many people think so — and I’ve written a lot about the evils of soaring inequality.
But I have not gone that route.
I’m not ruling out a connection between inequality and the mess we’re in, but for now I don’t see a clear mechanism, and I often annoy liberal audiences by saying that it’s probably possible to have a full-employment economy largely producing luxury goods for the richest 1 percent.
More equality would be good, but not, as far as I can tell, because it would restore full employment.
So I’m trying to figure this thing out, as best I can.
If you’re not, we’re not in the same business.
A number of readers, both at this blog and other places, have been asking for an explanation of what IS-LM is all about.
Fair enough – this blogosphere conversation has been an exchange among insiders, and probably a bit baffling to normal human beings (which is why I have been labeling my posts “wonkish”).
[Update: IS-LM stands for investment-savings, liquidity-money — which will make a lot of sense if you keep reading]  So, the first thing you need to know is that there are multiple correct ways of explaining IS-LM.
That’s because it’s a model of several interacting markets, and you can enter from multiple directions, any one of which is a valid starting point.
My favorite of these approaches is to think of IS-LM as a way to reconcile two seemingly incompatible views about what determines interest rates.
One view says that the interest rate is determined by the supply of and demand for savings – the “loanable funds” approach.
The other says that the interest rate is determined by the tradeoff between bonds, which pay interest, and money, which doesn’t, but which you can use for transactions and therefore has special value due to its liquidity – the “liquidity preference” approach.
(Yes, some money-like things pay interest, but normally not as much as less liquid assets.)
How can both views be true?
Because we are at minimum talking about *two* variables, not one – GDP as well as the interest rate.
And the adjustment of GDP is what makes both loanable funds and liquidity preference hold at the same time.
Start with the loanable funds side.
Suppose that desired savings and desired investment spending are currently equal, and that something causes the interest rate to fall.
Must it rise back to its original level?
Not necessarily.
An excess of desired investment over desired savings can lead to economic expansion, which drives up income.
And since some of the rise in income will be saved – and assuming that investment demand doesn’t rise by as much – a sufficiently large rise in GDP can restore equality between desired savings and desired investment at the new interest rate.
That means that loanable funds doesn’t determine the interest rate per se; it determines a set of possible combinations of the interest rate and GDP, with lower rates corresponding to higher GDP.
And that’s the IS curve.
Meanwhile, people deciding how to allocate their wealth are making tradeoffs between money and bonds.
There’s a downward-sloping demand for money – the higher the interest rate, the more people will skimp on liquidity in favor of higher returns.
Suppose temporarily that the Fed holds the money supply fixed; in that case the interest rate must be such as to match that demand to the quantity of money.
And the Fed can move the interest rate by changing the money supply: increase the supply of money and the interest rate must fall to induce people to hold a larger quantity.
Here too, however, GDP must be taken into account: a higher level of GDP will mean more transactions, and hence higher demand for money, other things equal.
So higher GDP will mean that the interest rate needed to match supply and demand for money must rise.
This means that like loanable funds, liquidity preference doesn’t determine the interest rate per se; it defines a set of possible combinations of the interest rate and GDP – the LM curve.
And that’s IS-LM: The point where the curves cross determines both GDP and the interest rate, and at that point both loanable funds and liquidity preference are valid.
What use is this framework?
First of all, it helps you avoid fallacies like the notion that because savings must equal investment, government spending cannot lead to a rise in total spending – which right away puts us above the level of argument that famous Chicago professors somehow find convincing.
And it also gets you past confusions like the notion that government deficits, by driving up interest rates, can actually cause the economy to contract.
Most spectacularly, IS-LM turns out to be very useful for thinking about extreme conditions like the present, in which private demand has fallen so far that the economy remains depressed even at a zero interest rate.
In that case the picture looks like this: Why is the LM curve flat at zero?
Because if the interest rate fell below zero, people would just hold cash instead of bonds.
At the margin, then, money is just being held as a store of value, and changes in the money supply have no effect.
This is, of course, the liquidity trap.
And IS-LM makes some predictions about what happens in the liquidity trap.
Budget deficits shift IS to the right; in the liquidity trap that has no effect on the interest rate.
Increases in the money supply do nothing at all.
That’s why in early 2009, when the WSJ, the Austrians, and the other usual suspects were screaming about soaring rates and runaway inflation, those who understood IS-LM were predicting that interest rates would stay low and that even a tripling of the monetary base would not be inflationary.
Events since then have, as I see it, been a huge vindication for the IS-LM types – despite some headline inflation driven by commodity prices – and a huge failure for the soaring-rates-and-inflation crowd.
Yes, IS-LM simplifies things a lot, and can’t be taken as the final word.
But it has done what good economic models are supposed to do: make sense of what we see, and make highly useful predictions about what would happen in unusual circumstances.
Economists who understand IS-LM have done vastly better in tracking our current crisis than people who don’t.
Greg Ip reports on a Bank Credit Analyst analysis of the euro crisis that emphasizes the possibility of multiple equilibria; it’s similar in spirit to what I’ve been saying, but with a niftier picture: This kind of thing is familiar if you were involved with the attempts to make sense of the Asian crisis of the 1990s; see this paper, for example.
In general, my sense is that international macro people, who have long studied crises in developing countries, have been a lot quicker to grasp the seriousness of the crisis now gripping all of us.
This conference should be interesting.
They say it will be webcast live; I’ll post information when the event approaches.
Or, maybe not.
There’s a visible push to claim that recent Irish experience — somewhat better-than-expected growth in the second quarter, rising exports — vindicates austerity policies.
Here’s a new piece on export growth, trumpeting a rise in pharma exports.
So, some cold water.
First of all, eventual recovery after years of Depression-level unemployment is a strange definition of success.
But there’s also a specifically Irish twist.
Pharma accounts for a large share of Irish exports — but it makes a much smaller contribution to the Irish economy.
Partly that’s because pharma uses a lot of imported inputs, so that it has relatively low domestic content.
Partly that’s because pharma is very capital-intensive, employing very few people — and the capital is foreign owned, so that the contribution to Gross National Product, which deducts income paid to foreigners, is smaller than the contribution to Gross Domestic Product, which doesn’t.
Indeed, Ireland is one of those countries where you really want to track GNP rather than GDP to get a sense of how the country is doing.
And here’s how it’s doing: Success!
To be fair, Ireland is doing a bit better than feared; it’s achieving a significant amount of “internal devaluation” via deflation, which is leading investors to mark up the possibility that it might actually avoid default.
I should also make clear that given the commitment to the euro, Ireland had to engage in some kind of austerity program, although it wouldn’t have been as draconian if not for the decision to socialize all the of the banks’ debt.
But the idea that Irish experience is vindicating the demands for austerity, because real income, which bottomed out 18.4% below the previous peak, is now only 15.7% below that peak …
In a few hours Sylvia Nasar and I will have an on-stage dialogue at the 92nd Street Y, centered around her new book The Grand Pursuit, which offers a set of fascinating portraits of the makers of economics.
(Irving Fisher invented the Rolodex?)
But as I was reading her book I have to admit that I found myself wondering whether there’s much to celebrate.
I’ve never liked the notion of talking about economic “science” — it’s much too raw and imperfect a discipline to be paired casually with things like chemistry or biology, and in general when someone talks about economics as a science I immediately suspect that I’m hearing someone who doesn’t know that models are only models.
Still, when I was younger I firmly believed that economics was a field that progressed over time, that every generation knew more than the generation before.
The question now is whether that’s still true.
In 1971 it was clear that economists knew a lot that they hadn’t known in 1931.
Is that clear when we compare 2011 with 1971?
I think you can actually make the case that in important ways the profession knew more in 1971 than it does now.
I’ve written a lot about the Dark Age of macroeconomics, of the way economists are recapitulating 80-year-old fallacies in the belief that they’re profound insights, because they’re ignorant of the hard-won insights of the past.
What I’d add to that is that at this point it seems to me that many economists aren’t even trying to get at the truth.
When I look at a lot of what prominent economists have been writing in response to the ongoing economic crisis, I see no sign of intellectual discomfort, no sense that a disaster their models made no allowance for is troubling them; I see only blithe invention of stories to rationalize the disaster in a way that supports their side of the partisan divide.
And no, it’s not symmetric: liberal economists by and large do seem to be genuinely wrestling with what has happened, but conservative economists don’t.
And all this makes me wonder what kind of an enterprise I’ve devoted my life to.
FTAlphaville points us to Lance Roberts pointing out that the upward-sloping yield curve does not say what people think it says.
He’s right, but it’s simpler than he makes it.
I’ve written about this repeatedly.
The argument, once again: The reason for the historical relationship between the slope of the yield curve and the economy’s performance is that the long-term rate is, in effect, a prediction of future short-term rates.
If investors expect the economy to contract, they also expect the Fed to cut rates, which tends to make the yield curve negatively sloped.
If they expect the economy to expand, they expect the Fed to raise rates, making the yield curve positively sloped.
But here’s the thing: the Fed can’t cut rates from here, because they’re already zero.
It can, however, raise rates.
So the long-term rate has to be above the short-term rate, because under current conditions it’s like an option price: short rates might move up, but they can’t go down.
Is it really possible that market players haven’t figured this out after three years?
Looking at recent numbers, I’ve realized that there’s something else to worry about, beyond all the usual concerns.
Let me call it the low-inflation trap; it’s something we’re very, very close to getting into.
Usually we worry about a deflationary trap, which comes about as follows: suppose that the economy is depressed, that as a result prices begin falling, and interest rates are up against the zero lower bound.
Then as deflationary expectations take hold, the real interest rate rises even as the nominal rate stays pinned at zero — and this rising real rate helps keep the economy depressed.
Japan has been in this trap for a long time.
But here’s what I’ve been thinking: we don’t have to get all the way to actual deflation for something like this to take hold.
The key point is that long-term interest rates, which are what matter for spending, are effectively bounded some ways above zero.
The reason is option value: the short rate could move up, but it can’t go down, so the yield curve has to be upward-sloping.
Indeed, Japan’s 10-year rate is still 1 percent even though the short rate has been zero for many years and is likely to stay zero for years to come.
(Yes, this is Keynes on liquidity preference).
And you can make a pretty good case that the US 10-year rate would have a hard time moving much lower than it is now, even if people believe that we’re in full Lesser Depression mode.
What this means is that much of any further decline in expected inflation — which has plunged lately — will translate into a rise in real interest rates.
And that will be a drag on the economy, leading to further inflation declines.
Basically, we can get into the functional equivalent of a deflationary trap long before we reach actual deflation.
And it starts around now.
Just trying to cheer everyone up.
Via Brad DeLong, I see that Tyler Cowen has decided that a small uptick in Irish GDP and a decline in interest rates from nosebleed levels to levels that only signal a significant default somehow refutes Keynesian economics.
I really wonder about the state of economics education.
Look, standard Keynesian models, open-economy version, tell a very clear story about what happens when a country pegs its exchange rate at a level that leaves its industry uncompetitive.
The country doesn’t stay depressed forever: high unemployment leads to actual or at least relative deflation, which gradually improves cost-competitiveness, which leads to rising net exports and gradual expansion.
In the long run, full employment is restored; it’s just that in the long run we’re all, well, you get the picture.
That was Keynes’s whole point in The Economic Consequences of Mr. Churchill — not that the return to gold at too high a parity would mean depression forever, but that it would subject Britain to years of unnecessary suffering.
Seeing some growth in Ireland, then, is not at all a refutation of Keynesian economics — it’s exactly what you’d expect, given that Ireland is in fact gradually achieving an “internal devaluation” via relative deflation.
What would have posed an intellectual puzzle would have been a rapid bounceback to full employment.
And that isn’t happening.
Well, it seems as if a number of people in the media have decided that Obama was fibbing when he said that some millionaires pay lower tax rates than their secretaries — because, as the usual suspects triumphantly declare, on average millionaires pay higher average taxes than middle-income Americans.
This is, of course, stupid: the operative word is SOME.
And we’re not talking about one or two exceptional guys, either.
Look at the IRS data on returns for the 400 highest incomes in America (pdf) — specifically, Table 43.
If you look at the numbers since 2004, you’ll see that in a typical year between 30 and 40 percent of those super-high-income players paid an average tax rate of less than 15 percent; most of them paid less than 20 percent.
Bear in mind that for the very wealthy the payroll tax — the main burden on working-class Americans — is trivial, because of the cap on Social Security and the fact that it only applies to earned income.
And what becomes clear is that the Obama/Buffet claim is absolutely, totally true.
So why the attack?
Probably because it’s such an effective line.
And we can’t have populism that actually strikes a chord with the public, can we?
Well, sometimes I really do get tired of trying to reason with these people.
Are we really back to the line that the rich are sorely oppressed, because their share of tax payments has risen — never mind how much their share of income has risen?
Let’s look at the tax data — the CBO estimates that separate the really rich from the only very rich only go up to 2005, but things probably haven’t changed much since then.
And let me present what they say using one technique the Tax Policy Center uses routinely, asking what effect a change in taxes would have on after-tax income, other things equal.
Here’s what I get for changes from 1979 to 2005: Changes in tax rates have strongly favored the very, very rich.
Now, they’re only a fairly small part of the huge growth in the after-tax inequality of income.
But tax policy has very much leaned into that growing inequality, not against it — and anyone who says otherwise should not be trusted on this issue, or any other.
Inflation hawks, including Paul Volcker in today’s NYT, often invoke the supposed lessons of history, to the effect that inflation is always harmful and always gets out of control.
But that’s a selective reading of history, and it skips the most relevant examples.
Early on in this crisis, I began wondering why the US didn’t relapse into the Great Depression after World War II.
And there’s a good case that this had something to do with it: The big rise in prices during and after WWII arguably did a lot to eliminate the debt overhang, making it possible for the economy to enter a sustained, non-inflationary boom.
And this is the relevant history we should be looking at: this isn’t your father’s slump, it’s your grandfather’s slump.
Volcker, I’m sorry to say, is worrying about refighting the 1970s when we’re actually refighting the 1930s.
And fighting the wrong war is a good way to lose the one we’re in.
But several people have sent me this:
This seems to be a methodology Monday Tuesday (oh well)!
But not as wonkish this time.
Henry Kaspar has a good piece laying out his differences with what he calls “quasi-monetarists”, economists who view the current slump as essentially a problem of too much demand for money, and therefore subject to a monetary solution.
I basically agree with his diagnosis of where we are, but I thought I might add a bit more to the interpretation.
So: an overall shortfall of demand, in which people just don’t want to buy enough goods to maintain full employment, can only happen in a monetary economy; it’s correct to say that what’s happening in such a situation is that people are trying to hoard money instead (which is the moral of the story of the baby-sitting coop).
And this problem can ordinarily be solved by simply providing more money.
But we’re not in an ordinary situation here, we’re in a liquidity trap in which short-term interest rates have been driven to zero, yet the economy still languishes.
What that means is that when people are hoarding money, they’re no longer doing so because of its moneyness — the liquidity it provides, which makes money different from other assets.
They’ve already got all the liquidity they want, since liquidity is free — you don’t have to sacrifice interest earnings to get more, so people are saturated.
So at the margin, they’re holding money simply as a store of value.
Now, what monetary policy ordinarily involves is open-market operations: the central bank increases the supply of money by purchasing and removing from the market non-money assets.
And this has traction because money is different from these other assets.
In a liquidity trap, however, money isn’t different: at the margin an open-market operation just exchanges one store of value for another, with no economic effect.
So this is a situation in which the economic problems cannot be solved just by increasing the supply of money.
Now, in principle you can get traction by making money a less attractive store of value.
In particular, if you can credibly promise future inflation, that will make the real return on money negative.
But getting that kind of credibility is tricky, especially given the normal prejudices of central bankers.
And in any case it’s very different from the kind of thinking we normally associate with monetarism, which focuses on the current money supply.
Nor does focusing on nominal GDP instead of M2 or whatever really bridge the gap.
The point about M2-based monetarism was that it was supposed to give the Fed a target it could clearly control — although in a liquidity trap it turns out that even that isn’t true.
Whatever else it is, and whatever virtues it may have, nominal GDP isn’t that kind of target.
My broader take on this is that the quasi-monetarists are trying too hard to find a deep essence when what’s really needed is just a model.
Let’s tell a story about what economic players do, and see what it says about policy options.
That’s all it takes.
In the first half of last year a strange delusion swept much of the policy elite on both sides of the Atlantic — the belief that cutting spending in the face of high unemployment would actually create jobs.
I went after this stuff early and hard (I suspect that the confidence fairy will be one of my lasting contributions to economic discourse); still, it’s good to have a steadily mounting weight of evidence about just how wrong that view was.
The latest entry is a comprehensive review of past episodes of austerity by economists at the IMF, from which the figure above is taken.
Yes, contractionary policy is contractionary.
And as the authors point out, it’s probably even more contractionary than usual under current conditions: The reduction in incomes from fiscal consolidations is even larger if central banks do not or cannot blunt some of the pain through a monetary policy stimulus.
The fall in interest rates associated with monetary stimulus supports investment and consumption, and the concomitant depreciation of the currency boosts net exports.
Ireland in 1987 and Finland and Italy in 1992 are examples of countries that undertook fiscal consolidations, but where large depreciations of the currency helped provide a boost to net exports.
Unfortunately, these pain relievers are not easy to come by in today’s environment.
In many economies, central banks can provide only a limited monetary stimulus because policy interest rates are already near zero (see “Unconventional Behavior” in this issue of F&D).
Moreover, if many countries carry out fiscal austerity at the same time, the reduction in incomes in each country is likely to be greater, since not all countries can reduce the value of their currency and increase net exports at the same time.
Simulations of the IMF’s large-scale models suggest that the reduction in incomes may be more than twice as large as that shown in Chart 2 when central banks cannot cut interest rates and when many countries are carrying out consolidations at the same time.
These simulations thus suggest that fiscal consolidation is now likely to be more contractionary (that is, to reduce short-run income more) than was the case in past episodes.
Unfortunately, austerity programs are now the rule everywhere; even if the new Obama plan became law, which it won’t, it would only slow the pace of fiscal consolidation in America, and there’s nothing like it even on the table elsewhere.
Economic policy: we’re doing it wrong.
As some readers may have guessed, I’m having some fun thinking about gold price economics — nothing like a good intellectual puzzle to keep you occupied while the world collapses.
Anyway, some people have asked about previous gold price fluctuations, and in particular whether my low-interest-rate story can fit with the last time gold soared.
So, here’s the history since the gold peg ended (deflating by the CPI): Now, the end of the 70s was a time of high interest rates, whereas the current environment is one of low rates.
But that’s a comparison of nominal rates; what about real rates, which are what the model says should matter?
Bear in mind that what we want are expected real rates looking forward, not ex-post rates based on past inflation and bond yields.
And unfortunately, there weren’t any inflation-protected securities three decades ago, so we can’t get a direct read on market real interest rates.
But there are other indicators of inflation expectations.
Here’s one easy comparison (yes, it’s one-year inflation expectations versus 10-year bond yields; so sue me): So the late 70s were a time of high rates but very high inflation expectations, so that real rates were arguably zero or negative, just as they are today.
And this also suggests that many people misread that 70s experience; because high gold prices then were associated with high inflation, gold has come to be taken as an inflation indicator, whereas it’s actually a low real rates indicator.
Last time those low real rates had a lot to do with inflation, but this time they’re taking place in a deflationary or at least disinflationary environment.
One other observation: obviously, people who bought gold at the peak of the last spike got badly burned.
As I pointed out from the beginning, the fact that there’s a fundamentals-based story that could explain high prices doesn’t mean that there can’t be a bubble too.
Update: I should reiterate that Barsky and Summers basically did this analysis 25 years ago, in a paper that weirdly never crossed my desk, with differences in modeling strategy that make no difference to the fundamental insight.
And while most of their paper was concerned with the gold-standard era correlation between interest rates and the price level, they had the right analysis of the late-70s spike too.
DeLong gets it in a nutshell: On this interpretation gold is and always has been a super Treasury bond: a very long duration asset that is or at least is perceived to be “safe” in the sense that its price does not trade at a discount (due to risk and default premia) from a Treasury bond of the same duration but instead trades at a premium.
And this means that it is deeply, deeply wrong to think of rising gold prices when bond yields are low as some kind of symptom of monetary excess.
(Yes, it’s 4:30 AM where I am.
I found myself wide awake, thinking about gold prices.
You got a problem with that?)
In assessing economic prospects since the financial crisis of 2008, there have been two kinds of people: people who divide people into two kinds and people who don’t inflationistas and deflationistas.
The inflationistas look at budget deficits and monetary base, and see severe inflation and soaring interest rates as the obvious outcome; the deflationistas say, hey, we’re in a liquidity trap, so monetary base is sterile and budget deficits are just soaking up some but not all of the world’s excess saving.
I am, of course, a big deflationista, and as I see it record low interest rates strongly vindicate my position.
As I like to point out, if you’d believed the inflationistas at the Wall Street Journal and elsewhere, you would have lost a lot of money.
But what about gold?
As some readers and correspondents love to point out, you would have made a lot of money if you’d bought gold early in this mess.
So doesn’t that vindicate the inflationistas, to some extent?
My usual response has been that I have no idea what drives the price of gold, to say that it’s a market driven by hoarding in Asia, Glenn Beck followers, whatever.
But maybe I’ve been too flip here.
Why not think about what actually should be driving gold prices?
And I mean think about it, rather than going for slogans about inflation, debased currencies, and all that.
Well, I’ve been thinking about it — and the answer surprised me: soaring gold prices may be quite consistent with a deflationista story about the economy.
OK, how do we think about gold prices?
Well, my starting point is the old but very fine analysis by Henderson and Salant (pdf), which was actually the inspiration for my first good paper, on currency crises.
H-S suggested that we start by modeling gold as an exhaustible resource subject to Hotelling pricing.
Here’s how it works.
Imagine that there’s a fixed stock of gold available right now, and that over time this stock gradually disappears into real-world uses like dentistry.
(Yes, gold gets mined, and there’s a more or less perpetual demand for gold that just sits there; never mind for now).
The rate at which gold disappears into teeth — the flow demand for gold, in tons per year — depends on its real price: Crucially, at least for tractability, there is a “choke price” — a price at which flow demand goes to zero.
As we’ll see next, this price helps tie down the price path.
So what determines the price of gold at any given point in time?
Hotelling models say that people are willing to hold onto an exhaustible resources because they are rewarded with a rising price.
Abstracting from storage costs, this says that the real price must rise at a rate equal to the real rate of interest, so you get a price path that looks like this: Obviously there are many such paths.
Which one is correct?
Given rational expectations (I know, I know) the answer is, the path under which cumulative flow demand on that path, up to the point at which you hit the choke price, is just equal to the initial stock of gold.
Now ask the question, what has changed recently that should affect this equilibrium path?
And the answer is obvious: there has been a dramatic plunge in real interest rates, as investors have come to perceive that the Lesser Depression will depress returns on investment for a long time to come: What effect should a lower real interest rate have on the Hotelling path?
The answer is that it should get flatter: investors need less price appreciation to have an incentive to hold gold.
But if the price path is going to be flatter while still leading to consumption of the existing stock — and no more — by the time it hits the choke price, it’s going to have to start from a higher initial level.
So the change in the path should look like this: And this says that the price of gold should jump in the short run.
The logic, if you think about it, is pretty intuitive: with lower interest rates, it makes more sense to hoard gold now and push its actual use further into the future, which means higher prices in the short run and the near future.
But suppose this is the right story, or at least a good part of the story, of gold prices.
If so, just about everything you read about what gold prices mean is wrong.
For this is essentially a “real” story about gold, in which the price has risen because expected returns on other investments have fallen; it is not, repeat not, a story about inflation expectations.
Not only are surging gold prices not a sign of severe inflation just around the corner, they’re actually the result of a persistently depressed economy stuck in a liquidity trap — an economy that basically faces the threat of Japanese-style deflation, not Weimar-style inflation.
So people who bought gold because they believed that inflation was around the corner were right for the wrong reasons.
And if you view the gold story as being basically about real interest rates, something else follows — namely, that having a gold standard right now would be deeply deflationary.
The real price of gold “wants” to rise; if you try to peg the nominal price level to gold, that can only happen through severe deflation.
OK, none of this necessarily rejects other hypotheses about gold; in particular, there could be a bubble over and above the Hotelling aspect.
But the crucial message is, I think, right: If you believe that gold prices are signaling an inflationary threat, I have to tell you, I do not think that price means what you think it means.
Update: Larry Summers directs me to a 1988 paper he wrote with Robert Barsky (pdf) with a similar theme, although applied to the gold standard era rather than recent events.
Today’s FT has a piece on famous financial managers having a bad year; among them are John Paulson and Bill Gross.
Regular readers may recall that back in 2010 Business Week ran an article contrasting my views with Paulson’s, with the tone of the article clearly conveying the message that we should trust the billionaire, not the silly academic.
You might also recall that I was highly critical of Pimco’s assertions that the end of quantitative easing would lead to a spike in interest rates.
Now, the point of this post isn’t to gloat — OK, it’s not mainly to gloat.
Instead, what I want to point out is that there has been a simple principle to getting things mostly right in the Lesser Depression — namely, remember your Hicks.
The basic IS-LM model, with its possibility of a liquidity trap, has been a very good guide in these troubled times.
And there’s a reason for that: as I wrote long ago, in a piece from the 1990s, IS-LM is basic economics applied to a world in which in addition to production of goods there is both money and a bond market.
Aside from the assumption of sticky prices — which is overwhelmingly obvious and supported by strong evidence — it’s your basic, minimal, compelling model.
It should come as no surprise that it gets at a lot of what’s going on.
Yet people don’t know this model — which is to say, they don’t have any simple framework for thinking about how money, interest rates, and the real economy interact.
Which people am I talking about?
Money managers, obviously; they may know a lot about individual markets and companies, they may have lots of experience, but now that we’re talking about macro issues of a kind not seen since the 1930s, those talents are a lot less relevant than usual.
Pimco used to have Paul McCulley, who was very good on the macro, but with him gone, they seem to be making up theories on the fly.
And whatever model Paulson is using, it’s not IS-LM.
But economists also don’t know this stuff.
We’re living in a dark age of macroeconomics, in which much of the profession has turned its back on past knowledge.
There’s also a contingent of economists who have read Hicks, or at least claim to have read him, but seem to have come out of the experience with nothing more than misleading catchphrases and the strange conviction that they have transcended something they actually don’t understand.
(Brad DeLong takes on some of this stuff).
I should add that when I talk about the liquidity trap, I mean the zero-lower-bound problem that arises in IS-LM.
End of story.
And clearly we are in a liquidity trap by that standard.
You can go off and invent some other definition, and then deny that we’re in a liquidity trap by you definition, but who cares?
By the original meaning, as defined by a model that is working very well, that’s where we are.
The point, again, is that getting this crisis right isn’t mostly about being super-smart or insightful — it’s about knowing and being willing to apply basic analysis that everyone making pronouncements on macro should have learned in freshman year.
It’s sad, and disturbing, how few people are able or willing to do that.
With all eyes on Jackson Hole, it may be worth talking a bit about the intellectual history that lies behind some of the policy debate.
So, let’s start with the state of monetary policy orthodoxy circa 1997 or so.
By that time, most macroeconomists had come to believe that central banks could and should bear the whole burden of stabilizing the economy.
No need for active fiscal policy (although maybe let the automatic stabilizers stay in place), just let Uncle Alan do his thing, and we’ll have acceptable stability.
I shared this view.
But then some of us started to notice Japan, which had cut rates to near zero and was still sliding into deflation.
Could this really be the hoary old liquidity trap come back to haunt us again?
Many economists just dismissed the Japanese example, asserting either that it reflected very special circumstances — zombie banks!
— or that the Bank of Japan just wasn’t trying hard enough.
I guess I was the first to suggest that Japan actually showed that the liquidity trap was not a myth, after all.
The way I got to that conclusion, by the way, was as follows: I set out to prove, using a model with all the eyes dotted and teas crossed, that monetary expansion would always work even at a zero interest rate.
But the model said just the opposite.
And so I was forced to acknowledge that the liquidity trap was real, and to think through the implications, which I did in this 1998 paper (pdf).
What that paper suggested was that the only way for monetary policy to be effective in a liquidity trap was via expectations: the central bank had to convince the public that it would sustain monetary expansion even after the trap was over.
This idea was then expanded on by others, notably by Eggertsson and Woodford (pdf), and also in work by Lars Svensson.
By the way, the leading Japan worriers were all at Princeton in 2000-2001.
However, one of the Japan worriers, a guy by the name of Ben Bernanke, had a somewhat different take (pdf).
He believed that the Fed could gain considerable traction not so much by changing expectations as through the direct effect of nonstandard open-market operations.
I was skeptical, as was Mike Woodford.
But would the different views ever get tested?
Well, here we are: Ben Bernanke is now Master of the Universe Fed chairman, and he has just conducted an experiment — QE2 — in asset purchases.
That experiment is now widely viewed as a disappointment; to the extent it worked, it did so mainly by changing expectations, and once markets realized that the Fed wasn’t actually going to sustain expansion, the expectational effects wore off.
So now we have Woodford (not a household name, but one of our leading, perhaps the leading, macro theorist working now) arguing in the FT that Bernanke needs to stop fiddling with balance sheets and start making explicit announcements about future policy.
The key thing to understand, reading Woodford, is that this isn’t some shoot-from-the-hip piece, it’s the culmination of a debate that goes back more than a decade.
Meanwhile, Cullen Roche makes much the same argument, although he insists that you need MMT to make it, which would be news to Woodford (and me).
I’ve labeled this post wonkish, because it is.
But this is really important.
And as FT Alphaville says, all the fears about QE have been misplaced.
The danger isn’t that it’s wildly inflationary; it is that it’s symbolic rather than real, at a time when we desperately need substance.
I’m a bit late to this, but via Mark Thoma, David Glasner has a take-down of Robert Barro’s latest op-ed, in which Barro dismisses Keynesian economics for not being like “regular economics.” As Glasner says, there’s something deeply weird about asking “where’s the market failure?” in the face of massive unemployment, huge unused capacity, an economy producing less than it did three and a half years ago despite population growth and advancing technology.
Of course there’s some kind of market failure, which means that there’s nothing at all odd about asserting that better policy can yield free lunches.
More generally, the existence of business cycles is hardly a trivial feature of real economies.
You can try to explain those cycles in terms of “regular economics” — that’s what real business cycle theory is all about — but that effort has been a dismal failure, even if the practitioners refuse to admit it.
The desperate efforts to find something Obama has done that explains why the economy plunged are in effect a demonstration of the hollowness of that whole approach.
But I want to add something more: why, exactly, are we supposed to have such faith in “regular economics”?
What is the compelling evidence that the vision of a competitive, efficient economy allocating resources to the right uses is actually a good description of the world we live in?
I mean, it’s a lovely model, and one I, like everyone else in economics, use a lot.
But I would not have said that it’s a model backed by lots of evidence.
We do know that demand curves generally slope down; it’s a lot harder to give good examples of supply curves that slope up (as a textbook author, believe me, I’ve looked); and it’s a very long way from there to the vision of Pareto efficiency and all that which Barro wants us to take as the true economics.
Realistically, imperfect competition, market failure, and more are everywhere.
Meanwhile, there’s actually a lot of evidence for a broadly Keynesian view of the world.
Not, to be fair, for fiscal policy, mainly because clean fiscal experiments are rare.
But there’s huge evidence for sticky prices, lots of evidence that monetary shocks have real effects — and it’s hard to produce a coherent model in which that’s true that doesn’t also leave room for fiscal policy.
In short, there’s no reason at all to consider microeconomics the “real” economics and macroeconomics some kind of flaky impostor.
Yes, micro is a lot more rigorous — but if it’s rigorously wrong, who cares?
By the way, nobody seems to have noticed that my suggestion that a fake alien threat would end the slump was nothing more than an updated version of Keynes’s “coalmine” thought experiment: If the Treasury were to fill old bottles with banknotes, bury them at suitable depths in disused coalmines which are then filled up to the surface with town rubbish, and leave it to private enterprise on well-tried principles of laissez-faire to dig the notes up again (the right to do so being obtained, of course, by tendering for leases of the note-bearing territory), there need be no more unemployment and, with the help of the repercussions, the real income of the community, and its capital wealth also, would probably become a good deal greater than it actually is.
It would, indeed, be more sensible to build houses and the like; but if there are political and practical difficulties in the way of this, the above would be better than nothing.
Keynes then goes on to explain that the actual business of gold mining — in which basically useless ore is mined and refined at great cost, then sent to sit idle in the basements of central banks — is for all practical purposes identical to his coalmine idea.
He was right then, and I’m right now — and if you find it strains your personal credulity, so what?
By the way, nobody seems to have noticed that my suggestion that a fake alien threat would end the slump was nothing more than an updated version of Keynes’s “coalmine” thought experiment: If the Treasury were to fill old bottles with banknotes, bury them at suitable depths in disused coalmines which are then filled up to the surface with town rubbish, and leave it to private enterprise on well-tried principles of laissez-faire to dig the notes up again (the right to do so being obtained, of course, by tendering for leases of the note-bearing territory), there need be no more unemployment and, with the help of the repercussions, the real income of the community, and its capital wealth also, would probably become a good deal greater than it actually is.
It would, indeed, be more sensible to build houses and the like; but if there are political and practical difficulties in the way of this, the above would be better than nothing.
Keynes then goes on to explain that the actual business of gold mining — in which basically useless ore is mined and refined at great cost, then sent to sit idle in the basements of central banks — is for all practical purposes identical to his coalmine idea.
He was right then, and I’m right now — and if you find it strains your personal credulity, so what?
Somewhere in his writings Richard Dawkins talks about anti-evolution types who argue from personal incredulity — they say, “I just can’t believe that chance could create something as complex as an eye”, and think that they have scored an important point.
All they’ve actually done, of course, is rehash their prejudices.
(Simulations show, by the way, that chance plus selection can indeed create an eye, in a relatively short time as evolutionary history goes).
I’m getting the same kind of thing a lot on issues macroeconomic.
People write and say, “I can’t believe that you are asserting that X.
You must be an idiot.” Here X might be the paradox of thrift, the claim that a rise in desired saving leads to lower investment (which is closely linked to the case for fiscal stimulus, which in turn is closely linked to the argument that wars and other bad things can be expansionary.)
Or it might be the paradox of flexibility, which says that under current conditions a fall in wages would lead to lower,not higher employment and output.
The point, of course, is that your personal incredulity counts for nothing.
I’m basing what I say on a model; the model may not be right, but it does represent some hard thinking conditioned by evidence.
If you have a different model, fine; but if all you have to counter my model is a set of prejudices, you don’t have an argument.
Unfortunately, the argument from personal incredulity isn’t restricted to right-wing hacks.
My sense is that a lot of what’s going on in our ongoing policy disaster is that important people, up to and including the president, just find it implausible that such a big crisis could be essentially a problem of coordination, that it’s just magneto trouble whose fix need not, in fact should not, involve inflicting a lot of punishment on working Americans.
And so our whole policy discourse has shifted to pain and punishment, gratuitously.
But back to my main point: if you just can’t believe I’m saying the things I say, at least consider the possibility that you’re the one who just doesn’t get it.
Yglesias notices the way conservatives argue against fiscal stimulus: The fact that breaking windows would make a society poorer (fewer windows) is precisely why nobody ever proposes stimulating the economy by deliberately smashing windows.
But the way the dialogue works is that first a Keynesian observes that fiscal stimulus can increase growth in a depressed economy.
Second, as an attempted reductio, a conservative says “if that was true, then you could increase growth by breaking a bunch of windows.” Third, the Keynesian accurately points out that you could, in fact, increase growth by breaking windows.
Fourth, the conservative accuses Keynesians of wanting to break windows or believing that window-breaking increases wealth.
But it’s not just breaking windows.
As regular readers know, I’ve pointed out that World War II ended the Great Depression.
Then critics say, how could war, a destructive activity, do anything good?
I answer that when the economy is in a liquidity trap, there are a lot of perverse consequences.
And then the critics declare that I’m a warmonger.
You have to assume that this kind of argument is made in deliberate bad faith — although I suspect that many of these people don’t remember what it is to make an argument in good faith.
A number of people have pointed me to this remarkable editorial by Stephen Moore in the WSJ.
What’s remarkable isn’t the views; it’s the all-out embrace of anti-intellectualism.
It actually denounces “fancy theories” and rejects them because they “defy common sense”.
Gosh, if that’s the way the right is going, the next thing you know they’ll reject the theory of evolution.
Oh, wait.
There’s a lot to critique here, if you have the stomach — among other things the question of what constitutes common sense.
Some people find it commonsensical that if the government puts people to work, that adds to employment; it takes fancy arguments from the likes of the WSJ to convince them otherwise.
But the main thing I’d like to point out is that the past three years have in fact been a stunning confirmation of one fancy theory — namely, the theory of the liquidity trap, which is part of the broader construct of Keynesian economics.
I mean, common sense — or at least common sense as the WSJ sees it — would tell you that massive government borrowing would send interest rates soaring.
And that’s certainly what the WSJ editorial page told its readers would happen.
Only us fancy-schmancy Keynesians said otherwise; and here’s what actually happened: Similarly, common sense as defined by the WSJ said that a tripling of the monetary base would lead to a huge increase in prices; clearly, one should disregard those fancy-schmancy types who said that the money would basically just sit there.
Hmmm: OK, someone is going to point out that inflation has run somewhat higher than I predicted; yes, it has.
But I think the figure above shows that the outcome has nonetheless been a lot closer to what people like me said would happen than to what you would have expected from reading the WSJ.
But the stimulus failed!
Well, I told you in advance — based on the same model — that it was much too small.
So that’s not evidence against fancy theories.
The truth is that recent events have been a stunning confirmation of the usefulness of hard thinking in general, and the Keynes-Hicks model in particular.
And the WSJ has been wrong every step of the way.
So now they’re tuning to anti-intellectualism.
Well, of course they are; it’s all they have left.
John Plender at the FT seems mystified by something that has become obvious lately: bond vigilantes are only going after countries that no longer have their own currencies.
He writes: The underlying logic is that no country defaults on its domestic bonds if it retains the right to set the printing presses in motion.
Yet it seems counter-intuitive that bond markets, with their traditional fear of inflation, should punish a country for not being able to debase its currency.
Oddly, he seems unaware of the pretty good explanation offered by Paul DeGrauwe, which I’ve sketched out a bit further.
Part of the answer is that countries on the euro are stuck with a severe competitiveness problem that can only be resolved with grinding deflation, making their debt problems worse.
On top of that, however, is the proposition that countries without a printing press are subject to self-fulfilling crises in a way that nations that still have a currency of their own are not.
The point is that fears of default, by driving up interest costs, can themselves trigger default — and that because there’s a crossing-the-Rubicon aspect to default, once a country crosses that line it will probably impose fairly severe losses on creditors.
A country with its own currency isn’t in the same position: even if it is pushed into some inflation, there’s no red line that need be crossed.
That’s why America isn’t Greece; and why the UK is being foolish in imposing eurozone-type austerity on itself.
I hear from various sources — and see in comments — that there’s an apparently concerted campaign to take this post and use it to accuse me of wanting a war.
And the worst of it is, some people will believe it.
Awesome.
Anyway, now I really need to pack up those bags and head for the airport.
World War II is the great natural experiment in the effects of large increases in government spending, and as such has always served as an important positive example for those of us who favor an activist approach to a depressed economy.
Christy Romer is very much on the same wavelength.
It’s especially relevant because in the 1930s, as today, many wise heads insisted that unemployment was structural, that many of the unemployed could not be gainfully employed no matter how much demand increased.
Then demand actually did increase, and as Christy says, But World War II has something to tell us here, too.
Because nearly 10 million men of prime working age were drafted into the military, there was a huge skills gap between the jobs that needed to be done on the home front and the remaining work force.
Yet businesses and workers found a way to get the job done.
Factories simplified production methods and housewives learned to rivet.
Here the lesson is that demand is crucial — and that jobs don’t go unfilled for long.
If jobs were widely available today, unemployed workers would quickly find a way to acquire needed skills or move to where the jobs were located.
Oddly, however, people on the right have taken to claiming that World War II actually weakens the case for stimulus.
One line, due to Robert Barro, is that it shows fiscal expansion failing because private spending actually fell.
Duh.
As Christy says, there was consumer rationing — spending was forced to fall.
Also, something she doesn’t note, there were severe restrictions on private construction, which meant that investment not related to the war effort was also forced to fall.
Recent work by Gordon and Krenn takes this even further by looking at the effects of the prewar defense buildup: After reviewing evidence from the 1940-41 editions of Business Week, Fortune, and The New York Times, Gordon and Krenn document that the American economy went to war starting in June 1940, fully 18 months before Pearl Harbor.
In February 1941 fully one percent of the American labor force was at work building army training camps for 1.4 million new draftees.
Employment in ship-building to expand the U. S. Navy and to supply Lend-Lease aid to Britain accounted for another one percent of the labor force in 1941.
As early as June 1941, capacity utilization had reached 100 percent in the production of iron and steel and durable goods of all types.
And they show that during the period before capacity constraints were hit, the multiplier was actually fairly high.
But never mind.
Matt Yglesias heroically actually reads Rick Perry’s book, and learns that — 9.
Private Enterprise Blossomed Under Conscription and Wartime Price Controls: Not only does he argue that the New Deal failed to end the Great Depression, but he asserts “recovery did not come until World War II, when FDR was finally persuaded to unleash private enterprise.” (page 48) Nothing shakes the faith of a true believer.
Just a quick note on the euro situation.
The rescue operation to head off a self-fulfilling panic in Italy and Spain has succeeded, for now.
But meanwhile the real economies continue to suffer; the latest is France, where growth has stalled.
What this means is that of the four big eurozone economies — Germany, France, Italy, Spain — three are now stalled with high unemployment.
So why, exactly, did the ECB raise rates?
This isn’t even one-size-fits-all, it’s one-size-fits-one.
Yes, inflation.
But eurozone inflation looks just like US inflation: a bulge due to higher commodity prices that it already passing through the system, with clear indications that inflation will be back to low levels soon.
And anyway, Europe really needs a somewhat higher inflation target than the United States to deal with its lack of labor market integration.
So will the ECB back down on its monetary tightening?
There’s a lot at stake here: a very fragile euro can’t handle a trigger-happy central bank.
So the claim is that Narayana Kocherlakota, and presumably the other Fed dissenters, are “sticking to economic facts“, basing their opposition to expansionary policies on falling unemployment and rising inflation.
But as Mark Thoma rightly says, this is obviously not true.
It’s not just that Kocherlakota seems to have been very selective in his choice of starting point: the key point about employment, familiar to anyone who looks at the data, is that any fall in the unemployment rate is basically a statistical artifact, not reflecting actual job gains.
The employment-population ratio has gone nowhere: And even on the inflation rate, there is good reason to believe that the modest rise in core inflation was a blip driven by commodity prices, and is already fading out: So this isn’t fact-based policy.
The Fed dissenters are obviously looking for excuses to pursue tight policies; they’re looking at the facts only in search of support for their prejudices.
As the old line goes, they’re using evidence the way a drunk uses a lamppost: for support, not illumination.
This morning, FT Alphaville linked to a post by Mike Shedlock on the failure of Keynesianism.
I’m not sure why: the post was a standard-issue evidence-free rant.
But there is something interesting about it, all the same: none of the alleged policy mistakes used to declare Keynesian economics a failure have anything to do with Keynesian economics.
Here’s the list: By following today’s apologists of the British economist John Maynard Keynes (1883-1946), the so-called ‘welfare’ states pumped too much money (which they didn’t have) into consumption: into pensions for all (Europe), exorbitant armament (US), endangered industries (both), and finally bailouts for ailing mortgage banks (also both).
This intervention was celebrated by Keynes’ disciples as the ‘return of politics’.
Pensions are Keynesian economics?
Bloated defense budgets are Keynesian economics?
Who knew?
Even bank bailouts, whatever you think of them, have nothing to do with anything in the Keynesian model per se.
So what’s going on here?
I’m not the first person to notice this, but whenever you read conservatives trying to critique what they think the other side believes, you find them assuming that their opponents must be mirror images of themselves.
The right believes that less government spending is always good, regardless of circumstances, so it assumes that the other side must always favor more government spending.
The right says that deficits are always evil (unless they’re caused by tax cuts), so they assume that the center-left must favor deficits in all conditions.
I personally get this a lot, of course.
Not a day goes by without someone blithely asserting that I have never called for spending cuts on anything, and that I have never called for action against budget deficits.
A few minutes searching this blog would disabuse them of these beliefs, but they don’t need to check — they know.
What seems beyond their intellectual range is the notion that other people might have subtler beliefs than their own.
Keynesianism, in particular, is not about chanting “big government good”.
It’s about viewing recessions through the lens of an economic model under which temporary increases in government spending can, under certain circumstances, help reduce unemployment.
Indeed, not all recessions call for fiscal stimulus; it’s the special conditions of the liquidity trap that make it essential now — which is why the Bush deficits, run under non-liquidity trap conditions, say nothing at all about the desirability of deficits now.
I have no hope of actually getting through with this, of course.
For to actually understand what people like me are saying, we’d have to get past crude slogans and simplistic nostrums.
The problem is obvious.
To be an economist of my stripe these days — basically a Keynes-via-Hicks type, who concluded as soon as Lehman fell that we were in a classic liquidity trap with all that implied — is a bittersweet experience, with the bitter vastly greater than the sweet.
The good news, such as it is, is that our underlying model has performed very well.
Interest rates have stayed low despite large government borrowing; crowding out has been totally absent; huge increases in the monetary base have not been highly inflationary.
The bad news is that policy makers almost everywhere have failed dismally, and seem determined not to take on board the lessons of experience, either historical or what we’ve learned the past few years.
As Joe Stiglitz says, When the recession began there were many wise words about having learnt the lessons of both the Great Depression and Japan’s long malaise.
Now we know we didn’t learn a thing.
Our stimulus was too weak, too short and not well designed.
The banks weren’t forced to return to lending.
Our leaders tried papering over the economy’s weaknesses – perhaps out of fear that if we were honest about them, already fragile confidence would erode.
But that was a gamble we have now lost.
Now the scale of the problem is apparent, a new confidence has emerged: confidence that matters will get worse, whatever action we take.
A long malaise now seems like the optimistic scenario.
Robert Reich, talking to people in the administration, says that there has been a deliberate decision to focus on the wrong issues, knowing that they’re the wrong issues: So rather than fight for a bold jobs plan, the White House has apparently decided it’s politically wiser to continue fighting about the deficit.
The idea is to keep the public focused on the deficit drama – to convince them their current economic woes have something to do with it, decry Washington’s paralysis over fixing it, and then claim victory over whatever outcome emerges from the process recently negotiated to fix it.
They hope all this will distract the public’s attention from the President’s failure to do anything about continuing high unemployment and economic anemia.
And in Europe, says Kantoos Economics, a low inflation target has become a sacred icon even though all evidence — including the experience under the gold standard!
— says that this will be fatal: I sincerely do hope that I read the wrong newspapers and missed all those European economists and commentators screaming all these things (or even better: that I am wrong).
But whenever I try to hear something, there is just silence – or Axel Weber lashing out at Olivier Blanchard.
Meanwhile, European policy makers and central bankers are wrecking one of the most fascinating projects in human history, the unity and friendship among the countries of Europe.
This is beyond depressing.
Way beyond.
I’m still trying to make sense of this global intellectual failure.
But the results are not in question: we are making a total mess of a solvable problem, with consequences that will haunt us for decades to come.
There will probably be big action in the euro zone tomorrow; so, some quick analytical notes.
The big question, I believe, is whether the Italian and maybe Spanish crises are the kind of thing that might be brought under control by ECB bond purchases.
This is often phrased in terms of whether they are facing liquidity or solvency problems; but I think it’s better phrased in terms of the possibility of self-fulfilling crises, a la Obstfeld.
(Obstfeld was thinking of devaluations in a fixed-exchange-rate system, but the logic also applies to default within a single currency).
In the case of Greece and probably also Ireland and Portugal, I’d argue that we’re looking at fundamental insolvency.
The debts are just too big, the required fiscal adjustment just too large even if interest rates were low, to make full payment plausible.
In the Italian case, you have big debt but also a primary budget surplus.
So if interest rates stayed low, as they would if no default were expected, it wouldn’t be hard to service the debt with only modest further fiscal adjustment.
But if people expect a default – and also if they believe that once a country takes on the fixed cost of default, it might as well impose a big haircut on creditors – then you could see interest costs rising to a point where default indeed becomes the preferred option.
So there is a reasonable case that what we’re seeing in Italy is a self-fulfilling crisis trying to happen, in which fear of default is precisely what leads to default.
And that’s exactly the kind of case in which intervention could short-circuit the crisis.
Let the ECB buy lots of Italian bonds, in effect guaranteeing a low interest rate, and the possibility of default fades – which in turn means that further intervention isn’t needed.
It’s certainly worth a try.
While I’m at it, a further note: a country with the same level of debt as Italy, but with its own currency – and with debt in its own currency – would not face the same kind of crisis.
The temptation, after all, would be to inflate rather than to default – and inflation does not have the same kind of “first bite of the cherry” aspect that default has, in which once you’ve decided to move you might as well impose a 50 percent haircut or thereabouts on creditors.
What this means, I believe, is that a country with its own currency would not be subject to the kind of self-fulfilling panic that is now arguably hitting Italy.
I leave the relevance of this observation to other parties as an exercise for readers.
Update: Via Calculated Risk, here it comes.
I think this is confirmation, although the Eurospeak is so thick I’m not entirely sure what they said.
But as you may have gathered from the discussion above — or am I equally incomprehensible?
— I’m for it.
It’s risky, but not acting would be fatal for sure.
Amid all the debt hysteria, it’s worth taking a look at the actual arithmetic here — because what this arithmetic says is that the size of the deficit in the next year or two hardly matters for the US fiscal position — and in fact the size over the next decade is barely significant.
Start with interest rates.
What matters for debt sustainability is the real interest rate, since what matters is keeping real debt, not nominal debt, from growing.
(World War II debt never got paid off, it just eroded in real terms to the point where it was trivial).
As of yesterday, the US government could lock in 30-year bonds at a real interest rate of 1.25%.
That means that a trillion dollars in extra debt would mean $12.5 billion a year in additional real interest payments.
Meanwhile, the CBO estimates potential real GDP in 2021 at about $18 trillion in 2005 dollars, or around $19 trillion in 2011 dollars.
Put these together, and they say that an extra trillion in borrowing adds something like 0.07% of GDP in future debt service costs.
Yes, that zero belongs there.
The $4 trillion S&P said it needed to see clocks in at less than 0.3% of GDP.
These are not, to say the least, make or break numbers.
So what are we talking about here?
America does have a long-run fiscal problem, driven by the combination of rising health costs, an aging population, and the unwillingness to raise taxes to pay for the programs we already have.
If we don’t come to grips with that problem, bad things will happen.
But what happens to the deficit in the medium term is almost irrelevant to the question of whether our long-run finances will get under control.
Yet S&P (and others) obsess about those medium-term numbers, without ever explaining why.
Maybe they think there’s some critical level of debt — but they don’t know that.
Maybe they think that fiscal austerity over the next decade will somehow guarantee good behavior further out — but that didn’t work in the 1990s.
Or maybe they’re just pulling stuff out of regions I can’t mention in the Times.
The point is that while S&P may try to give the impression that it’s just doing the math (incompetently, too!
), the math doesn’t at all support its position.
Cultural references!
Digby points us to a post about John Ford’s great movie Stagecoach, citing something I had forgotten: the speech by Jamie Dimon the corrupt, embezzling banker who is the real villain of the piece: I don’t know what the government is coming to.
Instead of protecting businessmen, it pokes its nose into business!
Why, they’re even talking now about having *bank* examiners.
As if we bankers don’t know how to run our own banks!
Why, at home I have a letter from a popinjay official saying they were going to inspect my books.
I have a slogan that should be blazoned on every newspaper in this country: America for the Americans!
The government must not interfere with business!
Reduce taxes!
Our national debt is something shocking.
Over one billion dollars a year!
What this country needs is a businessman for president!
John Quiggin has some fun with an economist named Stephen Williamson who attacks his work from a position of robust ignorance; Noah Smith has even more fun.
I’ll pass the specific arguments by, and note another feature of this “debate” that has struck me a lot during recent economic controversies: the way Williamson tries to settle the argument by pulling rank, portraying Quiggin as some kind of obscure and unqualified guy.
It’s funny in this case, because Quiggin is in fact a prominent economist, Williamson not so much.
But even if this weren’t true, that’s no way to argue.
Which is why it has been so sad to see how common this kind of argument has been in recent years.
I don’t have time right now to track down all the examples, but if you look at how many freshwater macroeconomists have responded to Keynesian arguments in this crisis, you find over and over again that they resort to assertions of privilege — basically, I am a famous macroeconomic expert and you aren’t — rather than really addressing the issues.
And this is so ingrained a response, apparently, that they use it in situations where it’s truly ridiculous: Lucas accusing Christy Romer of not understanding basic macro, then demonstrating that he doesn’t understand Ricardian equivalence; Barro belittling the credentials of yours truly, just after forgetting that there was rationing and investment controls during World War II.
But in any case, this is never an appropriate way to argue — least of all at a time like this, when events have strongly suggested that a lot of work in economics these past few decades, very much including the work on which these guys’ reputations are based, was on the wrong track.
Do I do this myself?
Probably on occasion, when I don’t catch myself.
But I try not to.
I would say that commenters who begin with “I can’t believe that a Nobel prize winner doesn’t understand that …” might want to think a bit harder; mostly, though not always, I have actually thought whatever you’re saying through, and the obvious fallacy you think you’ve found, isn’t.
But “Me big famous economist, you nobody” is not a valid argument.
The former Speaker says, “This is a Paul Krugman presidency,” Gingrich told Bill O’Reilly.
“[Obama] believes that stuff.
He actually believes in left-wing economic ideas.
The only problem with them is that they don’t work.” Yes, I’m secretly giving Barack marching orders, and only pretending to be deeply frustrated by his actions and rhetoric.
Incidentally, those “left-wing economic ideas” are Economics 101; and try stacking up my economic predictions over the past few years against any of Gingrich’s favorites.
Speaking of which, the interest rate on US 10-year bonds is currently 2.62%.
Crowding out!
Obama, at his press conference last December, announcing his surrender to the GOP on tax cuts; the questioner was Marc Ambinder: Q Mr. President, thank you.
How do these negotiations affect negotiations or talks with Republicans about raising the debt limit?
Because it would seem that they have a significant amount of leverage over the White House now, going in.
Was there ever any attempt by the White House to include raising the debt limit as a part of this package?
THE PRESIDENT: When you say it would seem they’ll have a significant amount of leverage over the White House, what do you mean?
Q Just in the sense that they’ll say essentially we’re not going to raise the — we’re not going to agree to it unless the White House is able to or willing to agree to significant spending cuts across the board that probably go deeper and further than what you’re willing to do.
I mean, what leverage would you have — THE PRESIDENT: Look, here’s my expectation — and I’ll take John Boehner at his word — that nobody, Democrat or Republican, is willing to see the full faith and credit of the United States government collapse, that that would not be a good thing to happen.
And so I think that there will be significant discussions about the debt limit vote.
That’s something that nobody ever likes to vote on.
But once John Boehner is sworn in as Speaker, then he’s going to have responsibilities to govern.
You can’t just stand on the sidelines and be a bomb thrower.
And so my expectation is, is that we will have tough negotiations around the budget, but that ultimately we can arrive at a position that is keeping the government open, keeping Social Security checks going out, keeping veterans services being provided, but at the same time is prudent when it comes to taxpayer dollars.
Whenever someone like me or Bruce Bartlett points out how little Obama resembles the right’s portrait of a raging leftist, someone is sure to come back with the assertion that Obama has presided over a vast expansion of federal spending.
Even people who really should know better, like John Taylor, do it.
So what’s the truth?
I’ve written about this before, but here’s another take.
The fact is that federal spending rose from 19.6% of GDP in fiscal 2007 to 23.8% of GDP in fiscal 2010.
So isn’t that a huge spending spree?
Well, no.
First of all, the size of a ratio depends on the denominator as well as the numerator.
GDP has fallen sharply relative to the economy’s potential; here’s the ratio of real GDP to the CBO’s estimate of potential GDP: A 6 percent fall in GDP relative to trend, all by itself, would have raised the ratio of spending to GDP from 19.6 to 20.8, or about 30 percent of the actual rise.
That still leaves a rise in spending; but most of that is safety-net programs, which spend more in hard times because more people are in distress.
The CBO breaks out “income security” (Table E-10 in Historical Budget Tables), which is unemployment insurance, food stamps, etc., and also gives us numbers on Medicaid; here’s what they look like as percentages of GDP: That’s another 2 points of GDP, or about half the rise.
So we’re still left with a bit, around 1 point of GDP.
That’s the stimulus, more or less.
And there are two things you need to know about it.
First, it’s temporary, and already fading out fast.
Second, a large part of the stimulus “spending” was actually aid to state and local governments, intended not to expand spending but to avert a fall — that is, it was about maintaining government, not expanding it.
Now, pointing out the Obama spending binge is a myth generally produces rage: people know that it happened, because Rush Limbaugh and the Wall Street Journal say so.
But that doesn’t make it true.
I’ve written a number of times about the weird way American perceptions of Europe seem stuck in the past.
It’s common — especially on the right, but more broadly too — to see Europe as a land of stagnant economies and lack of jobs.
This vision had some truth in the 1990s, but was becoming less and less true even before the crisis, which hit US employment much harder than European employment.
The New York Fed has noticed.
Via Mark Thoma, the Liberty Street blog has a piece on the vanishing US-EU employment gap.
If you want a simple takeaway, here’s the picture: More detailed analysis shows that the remaining gap comes from lower employment rates in Europe for the young and old; prime-age workers, especially men, are if anything more likely to be working in Europe.
And you should note that this European performance comes despite the fact that tax levels and levels of social benefits are vastly higher than they are here.
Any US politician proposing even a partial move in Europe’s direction would be accused of being a job-killer.
Somehow, though, the jobs survive.
Oh, and as many people have noticed, America now has European levels of joblessness without a European safety net.
We’re definitely leading in the misery race.
Matt Yglesias notes the odd failure of reasonably sensible Republican macroeconomists to confront their party’s descent into hard-money madness.
He analyzes it as follows: But these guys and other longtime GOP economic hands have largely been doing the usual Beltway wonk dance of speaking up for Republican positions when they agree with them, and staying quiet when they don’t.
You don’t even need to see this as a particularly cynical way of behaving.
In Washington, it’s ultimately a question of all power to the politicians.
A wonk who insists on picking fights with prominent party leaders just finds himself marginalized.
Next thing you know and you’re Bruce Bartlett.
It’s arguably more useful to just keep your head down and make sure that if your team takes over they have some sensible people to turn to.
That’s a fairly charitable interpretation; but to some extent it’s worse than that.
Early in the crisis, both Greg Mankiw and Ken Rogoff actually came out in favor of a period of relatively high inflation.
That’s what their models (and mine) suggested we should be doing.
But they faced a firestorm of angry responses from the right — and went silent.
Maybe this is, as Yglesias says, a deeper game.
But is every respectable GOP economist positioning himself to be Mitt Romney’s adviser?
Are there no voices on that side willing to speak up for what they really believe, never mind the impact on their own careers?
I think we know the answer.
Matt Yglesias links to a libertarian blogger admitting some self-doubt after the failure of high inflation to materialize as predicted.
I would offer a friendly word of caution to Mr. Lee: once he starts admitting the existence of contrary evidence, he’s on the road to becoming another Bruce Bartlett, who has become a moderate Democrat in all but name.
But let me use this as an occasion to make again a point I’ve made a number of times, this time slightly differently: what we’ve seen in the Lesser Depression is a spectacular vindication of one approach to macroeconomics, namely the modified Keynesianism of John Hicks.
(Decent summary here.)
What I and others have done on the liquidity trap can basically be viewed as elaborating and providing firmer foundations for the basic Hicks framework.
The real test of an economic model (or any model) is how it performs out of sample, that is, under conditions different from the usual.
Hicksian theory makes two assertions that are very much at odds with what conventional wisdom suggests: 1.
It says that once adverse demand shocks have pushed the economy into a liquidity trap, even very large increases in the monetary base — the sum of currency and bank reserves, which is what the Fed controls — will be basically sterile, leading neither to a boom nor to inflation.
2.
It also says that under these conditions even large government borrowing will not crowd out private investment, and will not drive up interest rates.
So here’s a picture to illustrate the first point.
It shows monetary base and nominal GDP since the recession began; if any kind of quantity theory applied, these should have gone up in tandem.
Not quite: Meanwhile, after several trillion of borrowing, the 10-year bond rate is a low, low 2.97%.
I can’t tell you how many times, in late 2008 or early 2009, I ran into people — including economists — who scoffed at the notion that either of the Hicksian predictions could really come true.
They *knew* that inflation and sharply rising rates were coming any day now; and kept expecting them month after month.
So what we have here is, if anyone were willing to notice, a triumph of economic analysis.
The Telegraph has a leaked draft of the eurozone rescue plan for Greece.
The financial engineering is Rube Goldbergish and unconvincing.
But here’s what leaped out at me: 9.
All euro area Member States will adhere strictly to the agreed fiscal targets, improve competitiveness and address macro-economic imbalances.
Deficits in all countries except those under a programme will be brought below 3% by 2013 at the latest.
OK, so we’re going to demand harsh austerity in the debt-crisis countries; and meanwhile, we’re also going to have austerity in the non-debt-crisis countries.
Plus, the ECB is raising rates.
So demand will be depressed in both crisis and non-crisis economies; this will lead to a vigorous recovery through … what?
The Serious People are determined to destroy all the advanced economies in the name of prudence.
Ezra Klein has a good column on the dangers of being wrong about Keynes.
As he says, it’s very difficult to respond rationally to an economic crisis when politicians like Eric Cantor completely fail to understand what Keynesianism is all about: In his book, Cantor goes on to describe Keynesianism as the theory “that government can be counted on to spend more wisely than the people.” He’s wrong — and wrong in a way that’s making it harder to recover from this crisis, and could make it harder to respond to the next one.
But where do these crude fallacies come from?
It would be comforting, in a way, if they were solely the result of Republican anti-intellectualism — and surely there is plenty of that.
The fact, however, is that these very same crude fallacies are being enunciated, with confidence, by famous and influential economists.
Here’s Eugene Fama, arguably our most famous and influential finance economist: Again, here is my argument in three sentences.
1.
Bailouts and stimulus plans must be financed.
2.
If the financing takes the form of additional government debt, the added debt displaces other uses of the same funds.
3.
Thus, stimulus plans only enhance incomes when they move resources from less productive to more productive uses.
Are any of these statements incorrect?
In his attack on me Krugman implicitly assumes that sentence 3 above is true; that is, the stimulus plan will on balance move resources from less productive to more productive uses.
This is indeed the focus of the issue.
That’s exactly what Cantor is saying.
It’s completely wrong; the whole point is that stimulus is supposed to put resources that would otherwise be unemployed to work.
But at this point, a large part of the economics profession no longer understands that.
So why should we expect politicians to get it?
The point is that GOP ignorance on macroeconomics isn’t like GOP ignorance on, say, climate science.
In the latter case the bad science comes from a handful of essentially bought and paid for “skeptics”.
In the case of macroeconomics, the nonsense is coming from established economists with lots of widely cited papers.
Paul Ryan doesn’t have to distill his madness from the scribbling of hacks at Heritage (although he does that too); he can get it over some nice wine from tenured faculty at the University of Chicago.
Klein suggests that what went wrong in the Great Depression was that people hadn’t read Keynes yet; well, what went wrong and continues to go wrong in the Lesser Depression is that eminent economists, or at those so judged by their peers, turned their back on everything Keynes learned.
The Times has been running a Room for Debate on the Texas “jobs juggernaut”.
And Texas has indeed been adding jobs faster than the rest of the nation, a fact that has become especially notable in the past couple of years, as overall job growth has been so poor.
But what’s the story here?
Oddly, it’s rare to see anyone in this debate talking in terms of models – that is, the kind of stylized, simplified, but internally consistent stories (not necessarily mathematical) that are what economic analysis is all about.
So let me try to fill that gap by offering three informal models of what might be going on in Texas.
In each of these stories, I imagine, to clarify things, an initial state in which America is divided into two identical regions; call them Texas and New York.
Each of these regions has a labor force which lives in houses; I ignore other factors of production, except that I assume that building houses requires land, which is in limited supply.
And we assume that initially everything is in equilibrium: wages and the cost of housing are the same in both regions.
Then something changes in Texas, which causes Texas to gain jobs faster than New York.
The question is, what is the change?
As you’ll see, each story has some implications about what else we should be seeing besides differential job creation.
So here goes.
Model I: Demography Assume that for some reason the population of Texas, and hence its work force, rises – say, because of immigration from Mexico, or because of high birth rates among past immigrants.
What this will do is push wages down – and the reduction in wages will lead to faster job growth.
(No, we’re not talking about wages in a liquidity trap).
So you’ll see employment growing, but the driving force will be supply – more people looking for jobs – rather than demand.
Model II: Zoning (the Ed Glaeser approach) Suppose that Texas loosens up land-use regulations, so that housing becomes cheaper relative to New York.
In that case workers will move to Texas, even if they receive somewhat lower wages than they would in New York, because of the lower cost of living.
What happens next?
Well, the increased supply of labor pushes wages down, which leads to job growth – just as in the demographically driven case.
In this case, however, it’s a benign thing.
But it’s about housing policy, not a pro-business environment in the general sense.
Model III: Supply-side marvels (the Goodhair doctrine) Finally, suppose that Rick Perry’s wonderful policies actually have led to a surge in business productivity.
Then we’d expect to see the demand for labor rise; this will pull up wages, and draw workers into Texas, leading to high job growth.
So what do we actually see?
I won’t do a lot of data-crunching right now, but surely everything we know about Texas points to some combination of models I and II.
Wages in Texas are low, and have probably fallen relative to those in slower-growth states.
On the other hand, the cost of living is low, largely thanks to cheap housing.
What we don’t see is either the productivity surge or the wage surge we would have expected if the Goodhair model was at all right.
As Ryan Avent points out, Texas real GDP per capita has actually grown very slowly.
One more thing: how should we think about Texan performance in the recession and weak recovery?
Well, I’d say that we should measure that performance around the trend – a trend that reflects the forces described by models I and II.
Of course Texas has faster job growth than the rest of the country; it always does.
The question is whether relative to that trend the state has done remarkably well.
And it hasn’t: the unemployment rate in Texas is slightly above the rate in New York.
Michael Boskin has always been a politically ambitious Republican; but he used to know how to read basic economic data.
Not anymore, I guess: How does Michael Boskin do math?
He writes in the Wall Street Journal this morning: The lower marginal tax rates in the 1980s led to the best quarter-century of economic performance in American history.
The delusion that we never had good growth until Reagan came along is very widespread on the right; somehow the whole postwar generation, in which everyone’s incomes doubled, has been erased from memory.
But it’s still there in the national accounts: That’s annual data; surely the case for the miracles of Reaganomics can’t rest on choosing just one quarter in 1982 as a starting point?
(And as Richard Green shows, even that doesn’t work).
Yes, the numbers starting from the 1930s are high, because growth looks good when you start from a depressed base; but the same is true for 1982, the year beloved by Reaganites.
More broadly, what normal observer, looking at this chart, would see evidence that something wonderful happened beginning in the early 1980s?
The good years for US economic growth were those beginning soon after the war — and that growth, very much unlike post-1980 growth, was widely shared with the middle class.
But all that happened with high marginal tax rates and strong unions.
Inconceivable!
And therefore it must not have happened.
I had to read the Robert Samuelson column Dean Baker mentions here for myself; did he really hold Latvia up as a role model for America?
And the answer is, yes, he did.
Let’s look at what passes for success among Serious people (and contrast it with that horrible disgrace Iceland, which defaulted on its banks’ debt): A few more successes like this and Latvia will be back in the Stone Age.
Update: Chart fixed — Iceland actually peaked in 2007:III, so rebased.
Makes no difference.
And no, Latvia’s pre-2007 growth isn’t relevant; we’re talking about different crisis responses, not long-run trends.
Ryan Avent is upset, rightly, at the way that Obama keeps invoking the confidence fairy, in effect buying in to the doctrine of expansionary austerity — even as a growing body of research grinds what little plausibility the doctrine had into dust.
Yet perverse things do happen; it’s just that we’re focusing on the wrong perversity.
As Brad DeLong argues, there’s a very good case to be made that we’re currently living under conditions in which fiscal contraction actually worsens the long-run deficit.
Why?
The argument runs like this: 1.
Fiscal contraction reduces output in the short run; this immediately means that part of the initial gain in terms of a lower deficit is offset by reduced revenue and higher safety-net spending.
These effects are especially large when you’re in a liquidity trap, so monetary policy can’t fight the fiscal contraction.
2.
Reductions in short-run output and employment take a toll on long-run growth, too: capital investment is depressed, workers lose their skills, and so on.
This in turn reduces future revenues.
3.
Meanwhile, with real interest rates very low — actually negative on 5-year bonds — the cost of borrowing now in terms of future debt burden is also very low.
So there is no plausible argument on behalf of the claim that fiscal contraction expands output; there is, on the other hand, a very plausible argument to the effect that fiscal contraction doesn’t even help the fiscal situation.
So guess which perversity is considered a suitable position for Serious People, and which isn’t?
William Galston writes, “What if the Right and the Left Are Both Wrong About Why the Economic Recovery Is So Slow?
A New Theory.” And the new theory is that it’s all about household balance sheets.
Gosh, why didn’t I think of that?
OK, with everything else going on in the world, lazy commentators aren’t a big deal.
Still, if you’re going to write a whole article about what those foolish liberal economists haven’t considered, maybe, maybe, you should check to see what they’ve actually written.
Especially if you’ve done this sort of thing before.
I mean, Brad, Mark, and I all have searchable blogs.
As it happens, a post about balance sheet recessions is Brad’s lead as I write.
Also, why is it so hard for Amtrak riders to grasp the notion that if you want to hold an animated conversation, you shouldn’t sit in the quiet car?
Greg Sargent tells us that the White House is promoting a Gerald Seib piece which summarizes the political strategy thus: A big deal would reassure independents who fear the country is out of control; position Obama as the adult who made Washington work again; allow the President to tell Dems he put entitlements on sounder financial footing; and clear the decks to enact other priorities later.
[Bangs head against wall] What I learn from political scientists is that this is all fantasy — albeit a kind of fantasy beloved of political pundits, who love to imagine that complicated psychodramas are playing out in the minds of voters.
Well, here’s a little secret: most voters don’t sit around reading Clive Crook columns or debating the Bowles-Simpson plan.
They have a gut sense — things are getting better or they’re getting worse — and mainly vote on that basis.
They’re not paying attention at all to this stuff.
Wait, it gets worse.
Even if voters were trying to make decisions based on things like fiscal responsibility, how likely are they to have remotely accurate information?
Not at all if they watch Fox; but the truth is that even if they watch a reputable network, or for that matter even if they read the Times the way most people read it, getting fast impressions rather than scanning articles carefully for the nuances hidden in the 12th paragraph, they probably have only the vaguest sense of what’s going on.
How many Americans truly understand just how extreme and dangerous a game the GOP is playing with the debt limit?
Surely it’s a small minority — partly because conventions of “balance” prevent most media outlets from ever saying too clearly what’s happening.
Oh, and about independent voters: if you think that they’re strong-minded, solid citizens repelled by the partisanship — well, there may be a guy like that somewhere in America.
But by and large, given the vast differences between the parties these days, independent voters are basically confused, clueless people — not exactly the kind of people likely to take reassurance from Obama’s stance on entitlement programs.
On the contrary, they’re the sort of people likely to be stampeded by “Obama wants to raise the Medicare age!” When pundits talk this kind of stuff, it’s mainly funny in a tiring sort of way.
But if the White House actually believes this stuff — well, that’s scary.
A new paper from the IMF (pdf) puts another nail in the coffin of the doctrine of expansionary austerity.
It basically shows that results purporting to show economic expansion following spending cuts and/or tax increases were based on a statistical illusion: an expanding economy can often lead to rising revenue and/or falling spending (e.g.
because safety-net spending falls or because the government cuts back in an attempt to cool off inflationary pressures).
And as a result, what the Alesina-Ardagna results capture is muddle by reverse causation.
The paper corrects this by using the historical record to identify true examples of deliberate austerity — and it turns out that they are contractionary.
The multiplier is less than one, but that may reflect the fact that these austerity programs did not take place in the face of a zero lower bound, so they were partly offset by monetary expansion.
The paper also provides a tentative answer to the apparent tendency of spending cuts to be less contractionary than tax increases: it looks as if central banks take more aggressive action to offset spending cuts than tax hikes, reflecting some combination of inflation concerns, belief that spending cuts are more durable, and (the paper doesn’t say this) bankerly ideology.
If we were discussing a politically neutral subject, the evidence here would long since have been considered definitive: expansionary austerity is a doctrine that failed.
But since we’re in the political realm, of course, such a convenient doctrine can’t be abandoned.
On the contrary, it now seems to be the official doctrine of both the GOP and the White House.
I’ve been complaining for a while about the Hellenization of economic discourse — the way everyone is being treated as being just like Greece, when in fact Greece — with a long history of fiscal irresponsibility, very high public debt, and a country without a currency — doesn’t bear much resemblance even to the other peripheral Europeans, let alone the United States.
So here, via Steve Benen, is Mitch McConnell, declaring “We look a lot like Greece already.” Yep, aside from the fact that everything is different.
Here’s debt levels (if you ask me the IMF projections for Greece are too optimistic): Plus there’s the having your own currency thing, and the fact that the interest rate on US 10-year bonds is 3.11 percent, on Greek bonds 16.82 percent.
Otherwise we’re exactly the same.
Also, didn’t Republicans used to accuse people talking down America of being unpatriotic?
A couple of followups to my repatriation post.
First, are corporations really awash in cash?
Yes.
Here’s corporate cash flow versus business investment spending; since not all investment spending comes from corporations, this actually understates the degree to which corporations are taking in more cash than they are willing to invest: Second, banks are also sitting on large amounts of cash that they aren’t lending: These aren’t abstruse points.
On the contrary, the fact that corporations aren’t investing as much as they could has become a major right-wing talking point, with repeated claims that companies are holding back because of political uncertainty.
Actually, they’re holding back because they don’t see enough consumer demand — but in any case, cash is not the problem.
So it’s truly remarkable — an impressive case of doublethink — that the same people who decry the fact that firms and banks are sitting on cash insist that it’s totally vital that we give those firms and banks more cash, so that they can invest and create jobs.
You see this in a number of contexts.
The repatriation issue — in which we’re going to give companies a big tax incentive to bring cash home, and then sit on it or use it to buy back their own stock — is one.
Another is the way Republicans are defending against attempts to curb things like the tax break on corporate jets; as Greg Sargent reports, they’re basically saying that if you take money away from “the wage payer offering a job”, you’ll reduce employment.
Um, but those “wage payers” are sitting on lots of cash already, and not using it to pay wages or anything else.
And then there are the banking issues.
We mustn’t hold the banks accountable for the mortgage mess, or impose higher capital standards, or anything, because that would reduce their ability to lend; never mind the fact that if they wanted to lend, all they would have to do is withdraw some of those huge excess deposits they have at the Fed.
So repeat after me: lack of cash at major corporations, both financial and nonfinancial, is not the problem with our economy.
And showering more cash on these players will do nothing except, well, shower cash on these players.
From today’s radio address: Government has to start living within its means, just like families do.
We have to cut the spending we can’t afford so we can put the economy on sounder footing, and give our businesses the confidence they need to grow and create jobs.
Yep, the false government-family equivalence, the myth of expansionary austerity, and the confidence fairy, all in just two sentences.
Read this and this to see why he’s wrong.
This is truly a tragedy: the great progressive hope (well, I did warn people) is falling all over himself to endorse right-wing economic fallacies.
Like everyone who has argued that continuing low interest rates vindicate the Keynesian view of how macroeconomics works, I’ve faced a lot of claims that the low rates were artificial, that as soon as the Fed stopped buying bonds rates would soar.
Some big-name private-sector people, notably Bill Gross, have made similar claims.
I was puzzled by this view coming from Gross; pretty basic macro told us that to the extent that quantitative easing matters at all, it’s the stock of Fed holdings, not the flow of purchases, that matters.
Anyway, the Fed has now stopped buying bonds; QE2 is over.
And the 10-year rate, although up a bit from its recent lows on optimism about the Greek austerity vote (why?
), is still below 3.2%.
OK, not quite.
But the idea of granting a tax holiday for corporations that repatriate income they’ve kept overseas, and on which they have avoided taxes, is one of the worst ideas I’ve heard in a long time.
(And that’s saying something in these days and times).
It figures, then, that my politically clued-in friends tell me that it’s an idea gaining lots of support on the Hill, even among progressives.
So, what’s wrong with this, aside from the fact that any short-term gain in revenue will be much more than offset by future losses?
(Think about the encouragement you’re giving to tax avoiders, who can figure that they too will get a free pass one of these days).
The answer is, it would do absolutely nothing — zip, zero — for job creation.
But, say the advocates, it would put cash in the hands of businesses, which would then invest that cash, right?
Um, aren’t people reading the financial news?
Major corporations — and this is what we’re talking about — are awash in cash, which they aren’t investing in new plant and equipment because they don’t see enough consumer demand to justify expanding capacity.
Instead, they’re paying down debt, buying back their own stock, and in general using cash for just about everything except job creation.
So why would you suppose that letting these major corporations slip hundreds of billions of cash past the tax collectors would change anything?
The pile of cash they aren’t using would just get bigger.
As I said, this is a truly, truly bad idea, which needs to be killed right now.
Atrios is annoyed at David Wessel, and rightly so.
I’d summarize Wessel’s column a bit differently: it’s roughly “Some people thought from the beginning that the stimulus should have been much bigger.
Hahaha!
Also, it turns out that the stimulus was too small, so we need some more.” This is actually a fairly familiar thing from my years as a pundit: the surest way to get branded as not Serious is to figure things out too soon.
To be considered credible on politics you have to have considered Bush a great leader, and not realized until Katrina that he was a disaster; to be considered credible on national security you have to have supported the Iraq War, and not realized until 2005 that it was a terrible mistake; to be credible on economics you have to have regarded Greenspan as a great mind, and not become disillusioned until 2007 or maybe 2008.
But something else struck me about Wessel’s piece: among the things he suggests to raise employment is passing more free trade agreements.
Where did that come from?
The case for free trade is about microeconomics, about raising efficiency.
There’s no particular reason to think that trade liberalization is good for fixing problems of inadequate demand.
I mean, you learn in Econ 101 that aggregate spending is Y = C+I+G+X-M; that is, consumer spending, plus investment spending, plus government purchases, plus exports, minus imports.
Trade liberalization raises X, but it also raises M. For any individual county it can go either way; for the world as a whole it’s a wash, since total exports equal total imports.
So why is trade liberalization an answer to our current problems?
Because, says Wessel, it would shore up business confidence.
Why, exactly?
The reason this struck me is that the need to reduce trade barriers is a central argument in that 1934 book by Lionel Robbins I blogged about the other day.
And the same incoherence was present there.
For what it’s worth, by the way, the economies of Western Europe in the 1950s retained many of the protectionist measures introduced during the 1930s; capital controls, in particular, stayed in place for a long time.
And they had full employment.
I picked up a copy of Lionel Robbins’s 1934 book The Great Depression in a used book shop in Norwich.
It’s quite revealing: judicious in tone, full of tables and facts, clearly meant to be seen as the work of a wise observer – indeed, a Very Serious Person.
And utterly, utterly wrongheaded “The first essential of any recovery from the position in which the world now finds itself is a return of business confidence,” declares Robbins.
“But how is confidence to be restored?” He comes out against expansionary monetary policy, even to reverse the deflation of 1929-33 – he doesn’t really have any logical explanation, but having decided that the problem is “confidence”, he declares that monetary expansion would create “uncertainty” and therefore hurt confidence.
He condemns exchange rate flexibility, again because it creates uncertainty and undermines confidence.
And after surveying the wreckage all around him, he declares that the cause of the depression was excessive government intervention, and the remedy, the thing needed to restore that all-essential confidence was … drum roll .. a return to the gold standard.
You can sort of see how this kind of policy analysis based on superstition might have seemed plausible in 1934, although even pre-General Theory Keynes could have explained just how wrong Robbins was (and did).
But one would have hoped that we were past this sort of thing today.
The point, of course, is that we aren’t.
The new BIS report is very much in the same vein as Robbins 1934, with much less excuse.
Robbins suffered from the lack of a framework to make sense of events; the BIS, like so many economists, faced with exactly the economic syndrome Keynes analyzed, and for that matter even Milton Friedman would have seen as demanding strong action, has chosen to ignore that framework and play monetary Calvinball instead.
I was originally going to end this post by saying something about stupidity, but that’s not right: the people at the BIS aren’t stupid.
What’s going on here is something different and worse: we’re seeing the desire for conventional respectability outweighing the lessons of history; we’re seeing vague prejudice (prejudice that just so happens to serve the interests of rentiers) trumping analysis.
History will not forgive these people.
Adam Posen gave a talk yesterday (pdf) about British monetary policy that drives home a point I’ve been meaning to make; namely, that what’s happening in Britain on the monetary front right now is very much a teachable moment for monetary policy more generally.
The Bank of England faces the same kind conflict between what it should be doing and what it’s under pressure to do that faces the Fed, but in starker form.
And if the BoE holds its ground, we should soon have a clear demonstration that one side is right and the other is wrong.
The story so far: Britain is currently experiencing relatively high headline inflation, more than 4 percent over the previous year.
And so there are demands that the BoE tighten.
Yet the bulk of the rise in inflation clearly represents temporary or one-time factors: a rise in value-added taxes as temporary breaks introduced during the recession expired, commodity prices, and the once-off effects of the fall in the value of the pound against the euro.
Nonetheless, the inflation hawks demand a rate rise, arguing that despite the still very depressed state of the economy, inflation must be nipped in the bud or it will turn into stagflation, 70s-style.
What Posen points out is that the case for preemptive monetary tightening to head off stagflation is entirely based on the 70s experience; there have been no other similar episodes in history.
before or since.
And the situation in Britain today bears little resemblance to the situation preceding any modern takeoff in inflation.
Here’s unit labor costs in the quarters preceding several modern British inflation episodes, and this time around: So it really does not look as if there’s much risk that this blip in inflation will turn permanent.
And on the other hand, there’s every risk that a premature tightening will ensure that Britain faces a lost decade or more.
All the same issues apply in the United States, although in less extreme form: we didn’t have the VAT increase, but we did have the commodity shock, and the depreciation of the dollar has had some effect, although probably not as much as the depreciation of the pound.
What we can hope for is that the BoE stays the course; and when inflation in the UK drops sharply, as it almost surely will, that will be an object lesson in the folly of always making policy as if it were 1979.
A moment of self-reflection: to what extent has this slump played out the way I thought it would?
I’d think of myself as having held, from early days, four main views that were at odds with a substantial number of other commentators.
They were: 1.
The slump would be very prolonged, with an extended period of jobless recovery.
2.
As long as we were in the liquidity trap, interest rates would stay low despite large budget deficits.
3.
Also, as long as we were in a liquidity trap, large increases in the monetary base would — as in the case of Japan — matter not at all for inflation or nominal GDP.
4.
Sustained high unemployment would keep wages and core inflation low, and quite likely push us toward Japan-style deflation.
On the first three I think I was completely right.
On the last, nominal wages have proved much more resistant to falling than I expected; I should have taken the downward nominal rigidity notion much more seriously.
In general, I should have realized that we know less about wage and price determination under conditions of high unemployment than we do about savings, investment, and the liquidity trap.
If we are going to have Japan-type deflation, it obviously won’t happen for quite a while.
But compared with the people predicting a V-shaped recovery, soaring rates, and/or hyperinflation by 2010, not too bad.
I’d put it at 3.5 out of 4.
Last year it was the OECD; now it’s the Bank for International Settlements.
Once again, Very Serious men at an international organization seem determined to find reasons to tighten monetary policy in the face of a continuing deep slump.
The BIS cites rising commodity prices and rising implied inflation forecasts based on interest rate spreads.
The thing about reports like this, however, is that they have to be written and approved by committees, which means that they’re based on lagging data — and sure enough, both interest spreads and commodity price inflation are telling quite different stories these days.
The report also argues that potential output has been permanently reduced by the slump, arguing in particular that “the destruction of human capital due to long-term unemployment” will weigh on growth.
You might think that this was a reason to take urgent action to reduce long-term unemployment.
But no.
And, inevitably, there are the alleged parallels with the 1970s.
Except their own data suggests hardly any parallel at all.
Here’s one comparison (ULC is unit labor costs): Notice the difference in scales.
In the 1970s there was a major wage-price spiral; this time none at all.
But whatever.
And the BIS also goes for a lot of vague warnings about how low interest rates discourage responsible behavior.
There’s something going on here, and I don’t think it’s really about economic analysis.
Like others, the BIS is clearly engaged in monetary Calvinball, making up rules and concepts on the fly so as to justify monetary tightening whatever the circumstances.
There seems to be a deep urge to inflict pain, to purge the rottenness or something.
It’s scary.
And the world will suffer for it.
OK, I guess I don’t quite see how Argentina’s default, of all examples, can be viewed as a cautionary tale for Greece: Argentina suffered terribly from 1998 through 2001, as it tried to be orthodox and do the right thing.
After it defaulted at the end of 2001, it went through a brief severe downturn, but soon began a rapid recovery that continued for a long time.
Surely the Argentine example suggests that default is a great idea; the case against Greek default must be that this country is different (which, to be fair, is arguable).
I was really struck by the person who said that Argentina is no longer considered a serious country; shouldn’t that be a Serious country?
And in Argentina, as elsewhere, being Serious was a disaster.
One question I’ve been asked a lot is why I spent 2009 campaigning for fiscal expansion rather than monetary expansion.
Well, at the Keynes conference this morning Mike Woodford gave an overview of policy options when you’re up against the zero lower bound that in some ways expressed better than I’ve managed to what I was thinking at the time.
First, Mike argued that monetary expansion once you’re at the ZLB mainly works, if it does, through affecting expectations.
If people don’t perceive the expansion as representing a change in policy that will persist even after the economy has recovered, even big changes in the monetary base have hardly any effect.
Mike had a chart of Japan 2000-2008 that I’ve crudely reproduced: Note both that Japan reversed much of the initial expansion in the monetary base, confirming the expectations of those who might have regarded that expansion as temporary – and Japan did this even though deflation continued!
Note also that nominal GDP never moved at all despite the huge amount of money “printed”.
So why is a fiscal response any better?
Mike argued: 1.
A fiscal response to a severe slump doesn’t require committing yourself to changes once the storm has passed; it “only requires unusual action while the situation remains grave.” 2.
Fiscal policy is “not wholly dependent on expectations changing for its effect (more robust to alternative models of expectations)” That’s about what I was thinking in, say, January 2009.
With the severe financial crisis still relatively recent, and many people still expecting a V-shaped recovery, it didn’t seem possible to persuade the Fed to commit to a permanent rise in the monetary base or a rise in the medium-run inflation target, nor did it seem possible to convince markets that there had been a long-run change in policy.
The chances for persuading Congress to agree to a large temporary fiscal stimulus seemed much better.
But as it turned out, that didn’t happen either; we got an inadequate stimulus, and the failure of that stimulus to do more was then taken as proof that Keynesian policies don’t work – in part because the Obama administration insisted and continues to insist that the size of that stimulus was just right.
So what was the right answer?
I guess I’d say that if powerful political forces block any effective response to a crisis, there is no effective response to that crisis.
The story so far: McKinsey released the alleged results of a study showing that large numbers of firms will drop health insurance coverage once the Affordable Care Act goes fully into effect.
This is very different from the results of other studies, notably the Congressional Budget Office assessment of the act.
So when the McKinsey alleged study made headlines, the firm was pressed to explain how the study was conducted.
And it has refused to answer.
It’s hard to escape the conclusion that the study was embarrassingly bad — maybe it was a skewed sample, maybe the questions were leading, maybe there was no real data at all.
Whatever.
The important thing is that this must not stand.
You can’t enter the political debate with strong claims about what the evidence says, then refuse to produce that evidence.
And it’s especially bad when the media give your claims lots of attention, while barely covering the furor over the refusal to explain where those claims come from.
Politifact has now updated its work on the claim, universal on the right — and repeated often by Paul Ryan — that discretionary non-defense spending is up 80 percent under Obama.
It’s completely false.
As anyone who knows how to read federal statistics should have known, the real number — including the stimulus — is 26 percent.
And it’s now in the process of falling off.
The discretionary spending falsehood is a key part of the claim that Obama has presided over a vast expansion of government; as I’ve tried to explain, the only real area of rapid growth has been in safety net programs that spend more when there is high unemployment.
So, two questions.
First, why wasn’t this obvious to everyone?
I mean, where are those huge new government programs?
Second, why did I have to be the one pointing out this falsehood?
Doesn’t the White House have any kind of response team?
Or are they so eager to be bipartisan that they don’t want to point out that Ryan is talking nonsense?
With Tim Pawlenty — who was supposed to be a sensible Republican — going all-in for high voodoo, I thought it’s worth pointing out that at the moment there’s a pretty good case that there is a kind of Laffer curve in which more is less and less is more.
Namely, there’s a good case that fiscal stimulus right now would actually improve the long-run fiscal situation, while fiscal austerity makes it worse.
Here’s a repost of part of a post from last year.
I’d note that the numbers are even more favorable now, with the real interest rate on 10-year bonds just 0.79 percent as of yesterday.
So here goes: Self-defeating Austerity There’s a quite good case to be made that austerity in the face of a depressed economy is, literally, a false economy — that it actually makes long-run budget problems worse.
People like me have been hesitant to make this argument loudly, for fear of being cast as the left equivalent of Arthur Laffer — but the heck with it, I’m going to lay it out.
So here’s the outline.
Suppose you slash spending equal to 1 percent of GDP.
That looks like a budget saving, right?
But if you do it in the face of an economy up against the zero bound, so that the Fed can’t offset the demand effects with lower rates, it’s going to shrink the economy.
Let me use a multiplier of 1.4; you can adjust the numbers as you wish.
Now, a weaker economy means less revenue.
Assume that every dollar up or down in GDP means $0.25 in revenue, which is conservative.
Then the fiscal austerity reduces revenue by 0.35 percent of GDP; the true saving is only 0.65 percent.
Now, the government has to borrow those funds; let’s say the real interest rate is 3 percent (it’s actually much lower now).
Then the long run impact of the austerity on the fiscal position is to reduce real interest payments by 0.0195 percent of GDP.
But wait: what if there are long-run negative effects of a deeper slump on the economy?
The WSJ piece showed one example: workers driven permanently out of the labor force.
There’s also the negative effect of a depressed economy on business investment.
There’s the waste of talent because young people have their lifetime careers derailed.
And so on.
And here’s the thing: if the economy is weaker in the long run, this means less revenue, which offsets any savings from the initial austerity.
How big do these negative effects have to be to turn austerity into a net negative for the budget?
Not very big.
In my example, the real interest payments saved by a 1 percent of GDP austerity move are less than .02 percent of GDP; if the marginal tax effect of GDP is 0.25, that means that a reduction of future GDP by .08 percent is enough to swamp the alleged fiscal benefits.
It’s not at all hard to imagine that happening.
In short, there’s a very good case to be made that austerity now isn’t just a bad idea because of its impact on the economy and the unemployed; it may well fail even at the task of helping the budget balance.
It’s important to realize that I’m not saying that government spending always pays for itself, and that saving money is always counterproductive.
These kinds of effects are specific to a liquidity trap situation.
But that’s the situation we’re in.
Not about the usual: this article in the Times, Regretting Move, Bank May Return to Manhattan is up my old alley — the stuff I got the Swedish thingie for.
And it should make Ed Glaeser happy.
Together with Jess Gaspar, Ed wrote a paper 15 years ago arguing that contrary to what many people were saying, the Internet and all that wouldn’t undermine the agglomeration forces that support places like Manhattan; if anything, agglomeration would increase.
Actually, I wrote about that back in my “looking backward from the year 2096” piece, written about the same time.
And the UBS case seems to vindicate that view.
Notice that it’s a mixture of market access and input availability making UBS regret its move to the outer suburbs: Now, though, UBS is having buyer’s remorse.
It turns out that a suburban location has become a liability in recruiting the best and brightest young bankers, who want to live in Manhattan or Brooklyn, not in Stamford, Conn., which is about 35 miles northeast of Midtown.
The firm has also discovered that it would be better to be closer to major clients in the city.
Interesting stuff.
Links fixed.
Tim Pawlenty — who has turned out to be a much bigger fool than I or, I think, anyone imagined — replies to criticism of his claim that he can get 10 years of GDP growth at 5 percent: Obama’s economic team doesn’t have a plan, so their spokespeople attack ours.
The idea that they don’t believe in the American people enough to say that we can grow the economy at 5% GDP really says everything.
You have to wonder if in fact Obama’s grand plan is that we don’t grow at all — and if so — he and the central planners are doing a great job of that.
Well, here are 10-year growth rates starting with 1929-39: Data here.
Except for the big jump from the depths of the Great Depression to the height of World War II, we have never had a decade of growth at 5%.
What’s also notable in this figure is the invisibility of all the supposed economic miracles we hear about.
Saint Reagan was supposed to have revitalized the economy; can’t see it here.
All you can really see is that the 60s were very good, and the recent slump has been very, very bad.
I first talked to the Pimco people in, I think, 1991, when I was asked (and paid) to talk to them about economic issues; don’t remember the subject.
It was a striking experience, sartorially: I showed up in Newport Beach in my gray business suit, and they were all in casual shirts and slacks, some (as I remember it) with fashionable stubble.
Since then, of course, Pimco has continued to be a huge success; Bill Gross is without doubt a great investor.
I have often found the economic analyses coming out of Pimco deeply enlightening.
And in 2009-2010 the firm won big by betting, correctly, on interest rates staying low.
For the past year or so, however, Pimco seems to me to have been making less and less sense.
Gross bet big on the idea that rates would spike when quantitative easing ends; I guess he has three weeks to be vindicated, but it sure doesn’t look like it.
And the economic logic was all wrong.
Now Mohamed El-Erian is claiming that inflation in China and Brazil is Bernanke’s fault; again, the economic logic is all wrong.
What’s strange about this is that nobody was better at laying out the logic of deleveraging and its consequences than Pimco’s Paul McCulley.
But maybe that’s the explanation: McCulley has moved on.
Anyway, El-Erian’s latest sort of shocked me; it sounds as if he’s making up his own version of macroeconomics.
And that’s not something you should do unless the existing models have failed — which they haven’t.
I was trying to come up with a way to describe Raghuram Rajan’s latest on why interest rates should go up despite high unemployment and quiescent inflation — but Mike Konczal saved me the trouble.. As Mike says, it’s Calvinball — making up new rules on the fly to justify whatever you, for some reason, want.
And today’s column was about that reason.
Rajan pulls two tricks.
First, he makes interest-rate setting sound as if it’s a form of price control — and by the way, the critique of China’s low rates on deposits is that they’re controlled rates kept below the true price of credit in the economy, not that overall monetary policy is too loose.
So, for the record, open-market operations that move rates are nothing like price controls.
Second, he simply takes it for granted that there’s something unnatural about very low rates right now.
But why?
It’s obvious that desired saving (or rather, the amount people would want to save if we were anywhere near full employment) is currently greater than desired investment.
That suggests that the natural rate of interest right now is negative; only the zero lower bound keeps it from going there.
But the main point, as Mike points out, is that all of Rajan’s arguments for higher rates would seem to apply just as well at a non-zero Fed funds rate.
Let me make the case even more strongly than Mike does, and ask you to imagine that the world looks the way it does, but that the Fed funds rate was, for some reason, 4 percent.
Would you argue that the Fed should respond by raising rates?
That would be crazy — and it’s no less crazy to call for higher rates starting from here.
Let me add that at the last G30 meeting I heard several people — people who have influence, and should know better — making arguments quite similar to Rajan’s.
This is a game of Calvinball that could have real negative consequences.
Largely for my own purposes, some links to stuff I’ve written over the past three years bearing on macroeconomic policy.
Read all of them, and you’ll have a good sense of where I’m coming from.
The humbling of the Fed.
Macro policy in a liquidity trap.
Optimal fiscal policy in a liquidity trap.
A Dark Age of Macroeconomics.
Liquidity preference, loanable funds, and Niall Ferguson.
Myths of austerity.
More on Friedman and Japan.
The Instability of Moderation.
Self-defeating austerity.. Sam, Janet, and Fiscal Policy.
China’s water pistol.
So Joe Lieberman is proposing that we raise the Medicare eligibility age.
That’s a truly cruel idea; as it happens, I know several people who are hanging on, postponing needed medical care, hoping that they can make it to 65 before something terrible happens.
And if I know such people in my fairly sheltered social circles, just imagine how widespread such stories must be.
But beyond that, think about what it means to move people out of Medicare into private insurance, if they can get it.
Medicare has its problems — but all the evidence says that it is substantially more cost-effective than private insurance.
Partly this is because it has lower administrative costs; partly it’s because Medicare is able to use its market power to negotiate lower prices.
And the international evidence is overwhelming: single-payer systems are much cheaper than systems centered on private insurance.
So think of this as a national interest thing rather than a budget thing: Lieberman is proposing that we move a substantial number of older Americans into a worse, more expensive health care system.
Why would you want to do such a thing, as opposed to raising enough additional revenue to keep them on Medicare?
Ahem: The credit default swap (CDS) for the Icelandic state has now dropped to 200 points and has not been lower since many months before the banking collapse in October 2008.
The CDS has been in constant decline since January and indicates growing faith in Iceland’s economy.
Meanwhile, the CDS spread for Ireland is 683 basis points.
Why, it’s almost as if defaulting on debts run up by runaway bankers and letting your currency depreciate works better — even from the point of view of investors — than socializing private-sector losses and grimly sticking with a fixed exchange rate.
The Economist’s “Democracy in America” blog has a very good illustration of the reasons our privatized, market-based system is so much more expensive, for no better results, than everyone else’s: A medical technology company is going public to generate the money it needs to advertise its products to hospital directors and insurance-company reimbursement officers.
This entails significant extra expenditures for marketing, the new stocks issued to fund the marketing will ultimately have to pay dividends, banks will have to be paid to supervise the IPO that was needed to generate the funds to finance the marketing campaign (presumably charging the industry-cartel standard 7%)…and all this will have to be paid for by driving up the price the company charges to deliver its technologies.
But beyond the added expense, why would anyone think that a system in which marketing plays such a large role is likely to be more effective, to lead to better treatment, than the kind of process of expert review that governs grant awards at NIH or publishing decisions at peer-reviewed journals?
Why do we think that a system in which ads for Claritin are all over the subways will generate better overall health results than one where a national review board determines whether Claritin delivers treatment outcomes for some populations sufficiently superior to justify its added expense over similar generics?
What do we expect from a system in which, as ProPublica reports today, body imaging companies hire telemarketers to sell random people CT scans over the phone?
Furthermore, The other key thing to pay attention to is who this marketing campaign was targeted at: key decisionmakers at providers and insurance companies.
Those are the people who decide whether medical procedures get ordered.
It’s not patients.
Patients aren’t going to experience a loss of freedom or satisfaction because an expert reviewer at the Independant Payment Advisory Board makes the call as to whether a procedure is medically beneficial, rather than the corresponding bureaucrat at their insurance provider or at the for-profit clinic they’re attending.
None of this is particularly new — but it needs to be repeated, over and over again; maybe some of it will leak through the ideological armor of Very Serious People.
In the discussion of Richard Koo, I’m seeing a number of people asserting (a) debt can’t be the solution to debt (b) inflation can’t possibly be helpful.
I guess that’s the problem with blogging: even if you explain your position clearly, after a few months people enter the discussion without knowing about or having forgotten the earlier discussion.
So let me repost in its entirety my take on the balance-sheet recession issue.
There’s a more formal treatment of the ideas, plus a bunch of further results, in my work with Gauti Eggertsson.
The original post:  Sam, Janet, and Fiscal Policy One of the common arguments against fiscal policy in the current situation – one that sounds sensible – is that debt is the problem, so how can debt be the solution?
Households borrowed too much; now you want the government to borrow even more?
What’s wrong with that argument?
It assumes, implicitly, that debt is debt – that it doesn’t matter who owes the money.
Yet that can’t be right; if it were, we wouldn’t have a problem in the first place.
After all, to a first approximation debt is money we owe to ourselves – yes, the US has debt to China etc., but that’s not at the heart of the problem.
Ignoring the foreign component, or looking at the world as a whole, the overall level of debt makes no difference to aggregate net worth – one person’s liability is another person’s asset.
It follows that the level of debt matters only if the distribution of net worth matters, if highly indebted players face different constraints from players with low debt.
And this means that all debt isn’t created equal – which is why borrowing by some actors now can help cure problems created by excess borrowing by other actors in the past.
To see my point, imagine first a world in which there are only two kinds of people: Spendthrift Sams and Judicious Janets.
(Sam and Janet who?
If you’d grown up in my place and time, you’d know the answer: Sam and Janet evening / You will see a stranger … But actually, I’m thinking of the two kinds of agent in the Kiyotaki-Moore model.)
In this world, we’ll assume that no real investment is possible, so that loans are made only to finance consumption in excess of income.
Specifically, in the past the Sams have borrowed from the Janets to pay for consumption.
But now something has happened – say, the collapse of a land bubble – that has forced the Sams to stop borrowing, and indeed to pay down their debt.
For the Sams to do this, of course, the Janets must be prepared to dissave, to run down their assets.
What would give them an incentive to do this?
The answer is a fall in interest rates.
So the normal way the economy would cope with the balance sheet problems of the Sams is through a period of low rates.
But – you probably guessed where I’m going – what if even a zero rate isn’t low enough; that is, low enough to induce enough dissaving on the part of the Janets to match the savings of the Sams?
Then we have a problem.
I haven’t specified the underlying macroeconomic model, but it seems safe to say that we’d be looking at a depressed real economy and deflationary pressures.
And this will be destructive; not only will output be below potential, but depressed incomes and deflation will make it harder for the Sams to pay down their debt.
What can be done?
One answer is inflation, if you can get it, which will do two things: it will make it possible to have a negative real interest rate, and it will in itself erode the debt of the Sams.
Yes, that will in a way be rewarding their past excesses – but economics is not a morality play.
Oh, and just to go back for a moment to my point about debt not being all the same: yes, inflation erodes the assets of the Janets at the same time, and by the same amount, as it erodes the debt of the Sams.
But the Sams are balance-sheet constrained, while the Janets aren’t, so this is a net positive for aggregate demand.
But what if inflation can’t or won’t be delivered?
Well, suppose a third character can come in: Government Gus.
Suppose that he can borrow for a while, using the borrowed money to buy useful things like rail tunnels under the Hudson.
The true social cost of these things will be very low, because he’ll be putting resources that would otherwise be unemployed to work.
And he’ll also make it easier for the Sams to pay down their debt; if he keeps it up long enough, he can bring them to the point where they’re no longer so severely balance-sheet constrained, and further deficit spending is no longer required to achieve full employment.
Yes, private debt will in part have been replaced by public debt – but the point is that debt will have been shifted away from severely balance-sheet-constrained players, so that the economy’s problems will have been reduced even if the overall level of debt hasn’t fallen.
The bottom line, then, is that the plausible-sounding argument that debt can’t cure debt is just wrong.
On the contrary, it can – and the alternative is a prolonged period of economic weakness that actually makes the debt problem harder to resolve.
Here.
But I have to say, he seems to be attacking a straw man named “Paul Krugman” who bears little resemblance to the Princeton economist of the same name.
Here’s what I actually said about QE2: I believe that given the grim economic situation, all players in the game should be trying to do whatever they can.
There are other things the Fed can do; they would help; uncertainty about how much they would help shouldn’t be a reason not to try.
But it would be a big mistake to count on monetary policy alone.
The zero lower bound on short rates really does matter, even if longer-term rates are positive.
The Fed can control short-term interest rates, it can influence long rates — there’s a world of difference between those two statements.
So it’s not safe to assume that the Fed can, for example, hit any target for nominal GDP that it chooses.
What that means is that while the Fed should be doing more, so should other actors: unconventional monetary policy should go along with fiscal stimulus.
The Fed deserves to be chastised for not doing more; that’s not the same as saying that the Fed should be the only target of criticism.
Meanwhile, Koo seems to think that the decline of the dollar has been a disaster.
I have no idea why; parallels with 1987, when the United States was not in a liquidity trap, seem off point.
As far as I can see, the modest fall in the dollar has been entirely good news for the US economy.
Bob Kuttner has a very good column (pdf) in The American Prospect about “debt politics.” Let me elaborate a bit.
If you look at the economic policy demands coming from the right in the face of our current slump, they seem remarkably insensitive to the fact that we are indeed in a slump.
Early on, some conservatives called for the use of monetary rather than fiscal policy to stimulate the economy — and you had the likes of Greg Mankiw and Ken Rogoff calling for a period of above-normal inflation.
But they were shouted down, and these days the right demands not just fiscal austerity (albeit without any rise in taxes), but hard money too.
Modern monetarists like Scott Sumner find themselves without a political home.
What explains this opposition to any and all attempts to mitigate the economic disaster?
I can think of a number of causes, but Kuttner makes a very good point: everything we’re seeing makes sense if you think of the right as representing the interests of rentiers, of creditors who have claims from the past — bonds, loans, cash — as opposed to people actually trying to make a living through producing stuff.
Deflation is hell for workers and business owners, but it’s heaven for creditors.
I don’t mean to suggest that it’s all cynical; my experience is that there are relatively few people who consciously keep a secret set of intellectual books, who preach Neanderthal goldbuggism because it’s in their interests while rereading Keynes by dead of night to figure out what’s really happening.
Instead, people generally manage to believe whatever is in their interests.
And maybe not even that: I suspect that there are a fair number of small business owners who faithfully believed in Glenn Becks’s warnings of hyperinflation by 2010, quite unaware that the intimidation of the Fed has savaged their own bottom lines.
Still, thinking of what’s happening as the rule of rentiers, who are getting their interests served at the expense of the real economy, helps make sense of the situation.
More than two years have passed since the big debate over the effect of budget deficits on interest rates in a liquidity trap.
The original argument of the anti-stimulus types was that large-scale government borrowing would drive up interest rates even in the face of high unemployment, and that this would hurt the economy.
At that time the argument was framed in terms of simple crowding out, not solvency.
And I argued that the whole thing represented a failure to understand basic macroeconomics.
Well, as I said, two years have passed: The apologists offer a series of special explanations; it was the Greek debt crisis driving investors into the dollar safe haven; it’s the Fed’s purchases; whatever.
We’ll what happens when the latter end at the end of this month, by the way.
But this was as close to a clean test of a proposition as history ever offers.
And liquidity preference won, hands down.
Gavyn Davies marvels at the sight of Robert Lucas clutching at straws, trying to explain the current slump with highly implausible stories about incentive effects of policy changes that haven’t happened: As yet, there has been no increase in taxation, on the rich or anyone else.
Nor have the Obama administration’s medical and financial sector reforms really taken effect.
It would take a remarkably far sighted private sector to have already reacted adversely to this set of long term reforms, even if they might do so eventually.
There is of course another possible reason why the US (and UK) economies might not be converging on their long term GDP growth trends at present, and that is that there is insufficient growth in aggregate demand to fuel a “normal” recovery in output.
The sluggish growth in US and UK GDP in the past couple of quarters has raised the likelihood that this is re-emerging as a core problem for the global economy.
If so, it would raise further difficult questions about whether fiscal and central bank balance sheets are in any fit state to address this problem by easing policy further.
Yet a shortage of demand is not mentioned, even as a remote possibility, by Prof Lucas.
What Davies doesn’t say is that there’s a good reason Lucas won’t even consider the obvious explanation in terms of a shortfall in demand.
More than 30 years ago, in a burst of radically premature triumphalism, Lucas and his colleagues declared the “Death of Keynesian economics”.
As cited by Greg Mankiw (pdf), Lucas wrote that Keynesian theorizing was so passe that people would giggle and whisper if it came up in seminars.
Since then, as is obvious to everyone but the hermetic inhabitants of the freshwater world, the attempt to explain business cycles in terms of rational expectations and frictionless markets has failed; and Keynesian economics continues to be very useful.
But to concede that, to even consider the possibility that we’re in a demand-shortfall slump of the kind Keynes diagnosed, would be an incredible comedown for Lucas.
So he can’t and won’t consider the possibility.
A very important column from Martin Wolf.
One way to summarize his argument is to say that slow-motion bank runs are already in progress in the European periphery, and that these countries’ banking systems are being sustained only by a process in which, say, Ireland’s central bank borrows from the Bundesbank and then lends the funds on to Irish private banks to replace the fleeing deposits.
Here are claims among central banks as of the end of last year: You can see why we’re now at the panic stage.
The Bundesbank is already very upset about its large claims on troubled debtors, which are backed by sovereign debt as collateral.
Yet if financing stops in the wake of a debt restructuring, the result will be to collapse the debtor nations’ banking systems, a process Martin believes would lead to their ejection from the euro.
(He makes me look like an optimist!)
So the ECB keeps saying that restructuring is unthinkable.
Yet austerity programs are not working; the prospect of a return to normal financing is receding rather than approaching.
If you ask me, the water level has now dropped so far that the fuel rods are exposed.
We really are in meltdown territory.
Gauti Eggertsson has a nice piece on the New York Fed blog about the great monetary/fiscal mistake of 1937, which sent the Great Depression into a second downward leg.
As he notes, the underlying situation bore a significant resemblance to current events: unemployment still high (actually under 10 percent if measured by modern standards, so quite similar to now), but with rising prices thanks to commodity shocks.
Where I part with Gauti here is his assertion that modern economists won’t make the same mistake.
The research staff at the NY Fed won’t; but the ECB very probably will, and the Board of Governors is under a lot of political pressure to raise rates.
We’ve learned a lot less these past 74 years than you might have imagined — or rather, we learned some stuff, but have spent the last few decades unlearning it.
Update: And here’s Lorenzo Bini Smaghi of the ECB insisting that yes, we do intend to repeat the mistake of 1937.
Bad ideas in economics never die; they just wait a few months, then resurface, once again touted as wisdom.
This morning I read the FT telling us that bond markets are signaling worries about growth, as indeed they are; but I also see Caroline Baum telling us not to worry, because the yield curve is upward-sloping.
Sigh.
I’ve written about this repeatedly.
Just to reprint the argument: The reason for the historical relationship between the slope of the yield curve and the economy’s performance is that the long-term rate is, in effect, a prediction of future short-term rates.
If investors expect the economy to contract, they also expect the Fed to cut rates, which tends to make the yield curve negatively sloped.
If they expect the economy to expand, they expect the Fed to raise rates, making the yield curve positively sloped.
But here’s the thing: the Fed can’t cut rates from here, because they’re already zero.
It can, however, raise rates.
So the long-term rate has to be above the short-term rate, because under current conditions it’s like an option price: short rates might move up, but they can’t go down.
I’m getting tired of this.
I keep hearing Republicans say that Obama has increased nondefense discretionary spending by 80 percent; it’s one of those “facts” that apparently everyone on the right knows.
So where does that come from?
Well, it turns out that Politifact is on the case — but gets it wrong, too, although not as wrong as the Republicans.
The number comes from taking nondefense discretionary spending as reported — which rose 26 percent from 2008 to 2010 (Table 8.7) — and then adding the entire discretionary spending part of the stimulus.
Politifact says that this is misleading because not all of the stimulus funds were spent in 2010.
But it’s much worse than that: stimulus spending is already in those discretionary spending numbers.
If you look at the table, you’ll see bulges in spending on education and ground transportation that go away after 2011; that’s the stimulus.
So this GOP talking point is a complete fraud; it’s based on counting the same spending several times over.
It’s not quite a year yet since Business Week ran a piece ridiculing my concerns about prolonged economic weakness, comparing it to the wisdom of John Paulson, who saw a boom — particularly in housing — just around the corner.
Still, it seems worth revisiting.
How do you think it’s going?
A year ago I had some harsh words for the OECD, which inexplicably demanded sharp increases in advanced-country interest rates even though its own projections suggested that unemployment would remain high and underlying inflation low for years to come.
Well, they’re still at it.
The latest OECD Economic Outlook once again calls for rising rates — the term of art now, which I see is also being used by Mario Draghi, is “normalizing” rates.
Um, the economic situation remains deeply abnormal, with unprecedented long-term unemployment; why should monetary policy be normal?
Here’s what the OECD is forecasting for inflation: So the OECD believes, as it should, that headline inflation is experiencing only a temporary bump, and that core inflation will remain low — indeed, below target.
So why should we be raising rates?
The report says (pdf) that the need to keep close-to-zero policy rates for risk management reasons has now faded and an early upward adjustment in policy rates to establish a visibly positive level, as in the euro area, is merited in the United States and the United Kingdom, but not yet in Japan.
This would also help to guard against a renewed buildup of financial fragilities and provide a better starting point in event of a need to react to upside inflation surprises.
What does this mean?
I have no idea.
Why must rates be “visibly positive”?
Why does a visibly positive rate offer a “better starting point” to respond to inflation surprises?
(As far as I know, it’s as easy to raise rates from 0 to 1 as it is to raise them from 1 to 2).
Basically, this is mumbo-jumbo, a blizzard of words to justify tighter money despite the absence of any rational argument for doing so.
To return to a regular theme of mine: we’re living in a world in which Very Serious People keep inventing theories and justifications on the fly to justify policy orthodoxy in a highly unorthodox situation; meanwhile, those of us who rely on actual, coherent analysis based on standard economics are considered dangerous radicals.
As Steven Pinker points out, the above is a grammatical sentence.
You have to posit that there’s a kind of buffalo called a Buffalo buffalo; what the sentence then asserts is that beast of this kind, if buffaloed – that is, intimidated – by fellow members of their species, go on to do the same to other co-speciesists.
Buffalo buffalo that are buffaloed by Buffalo buffalo go on to buffalo Buffalo buffalo themselves.
Which brings me to the special election in NY-26.
(OK, it only includes some of the Buffalo suburbs, but still.)
The obvious point is that Republicans, having run in 2010 largely by scaring seniors with tales of death panels, are now horsed on their own pet aardvark, or something.
The difference is that whereas Democrats were not, in fact, trying to impose death panels, Republicans really do want to dismantle Medicare – and that’s the truth no matter how many times Very Serious People reach for their smelling salts when Democrats say that.
And you would think that would make Medicare an even more potent weapon for the Dems than it was for the Rs (unless they go out of their way to ignore what the electorate is really concerned about.)
It’s now starting to look like a real possibility that we will have had three electoral waves in a row – a Democratic sweep in 2006-2008, a Republican countersweep in 2010, and a countercountersweep in 2012 as voters realize that the GOP is the same as it always was, only more so.
Via Mark Thoma, Brendan Nyhan catches the Tax Foundation trying to disappear some apparently accidental honesty.
The story goes like this: the Wall Street Journal had a deeply dishonest editorial claiming that taxes on the rich can’t help with out budget problems.
(Are you surprised?)
There were actually multiple problems with the editorial; Jonathan Chait pointed out that it repeatedly compared apples with oranges, that if you actually read the numbers straight the editorial disproved its own point.
None of this was surprising.
What was surprising was that the Tax Foundation, which normally produces a fair bit of disinformation itself, actually published a blog post pointing out that the chart accompanying the editorial was a classic case of how to lie with numbers.
Was the Tax Foundation actually taking a stand for intellectual honesty?
Well, guess what: the blog post has now vanished — although not before a number of people cached it.
As the people at Heritage could have told them, memory holes just don’t work like they used to.
Obviously someone at the Tax Foundation forgot what their job was: they’re movement conservatives, and they’re supposed to serve the movement, not point out inconvenient facts.
And in a way we should be grateful for this episode, which clarifies what the Foundation is really about for anyone who might have been confused.
Is it just me, or has Verizon Wireless 3G service along the Northeast Corridor gotten significantly worse over the past few months?
There were always gaps, but they seem to have multiplied — no signal much of the way between Baltimore and Washington.
Of course, if I were of a different political persuasion I might interpret the outages as a plot against me personally.
(Before commenting, click on the link.)
I feel David Beckworth’s pain.
Really, I do.
Beckworth and a few others are trying to keep the spirit of monetarism alive.
What I mean by that is that, like Friedman, they’re trying to reconcile a conservative view of government’s proper role with a bit of macroeconomic realism.
They accept that a recession represents a huge market failure demanding policy action.
But they want to keep that policy action narrowly technocratic, limited to open-market operations by the central bank.
As I’ve argued before, this doctrine has failed the reality test: liquidity traps are real, and blithe assertions that central banks can easily pump up demand even in the face of zero short-term rates have not proved correct.
But what our modern monetarists are facing is a different problem: it turns out that they have no political home.
The modern American conservative movement has no room for nuance, for the idea that some forms of government activism are a good idea.
Ayn Rand, not Milton Friedman, is their patron saint; in fact, if Friedman were alive today, he’d be shunned as a dangerous radical with inflationary ideas.
And no amount of data will change their minds.
If you look at what these people say, they’ve taken to putting scare quotes around the word “data”.
Numbers, you see, have a clear liberal bias.
So again, I feel the monetarists’ pain.
But they should have realized that this was coming.
Kudos to Mark Weisbrot for saying the unsayable, and making a case for Greek exit from the euro.
I agree with a lot of what he says, but am still not ready to counsel that step, for a couple of reasons.
First, while I agree that Argentina is the right parallel, it’s an imperfect parallel: although Argentina had a supposedly irreversible peg, it still had peso notes in circulation, so the mechanics of exit from the peg were much easier than exiting the euro would be.
And the mechanics matter a lot; they could make all the difference between a brief period of shock and an extended financial breakdown.
Second, Greece, as a relatively poor country with a history of shaky governance, has a lot to gain from being a citizen in good standing of the European project — concrete things like aid from cohesion funds, hard-to-quantity but probably important things like the stabilizing effect, economically and politically, of being part of a grand democratic alliance.
A euro exit could do much more damage to Greece in the long run that Argentina faced from its devaluation.
That said, Weisbrot is right in saying that the program for Greece is not working; it’s not even close to working.
At the very least there must be a debt restructuring that actually reduces the debt burden rather than simply stretching it out.
And the longer this situation remains unresolved, the less hope I have that Greece will be able to stay in the euro, even if it wants to.
Putin says we’re hooligans; Brazil accuses us of “currency wars”; and the Chinese are, well, being their usual charming selves.
But what’s going on in the international currency scene?
I don’t know why I didn’t think to put it this way before — and I don’t know if anyone else is saying this — but what we have here is a classic example of the Mundellian impossible trinity, aka the trilemma, which says that you can’t simultaneously have free movement of capital, a stable exchange rate, and independent monetary policy.
Here’s an illustration: So, how does this apply to current issues?
Advanced countries, very much including the United States, are weighed down by the aftereffects of the 2008 financial crisis; this has led to low investment returns.
Meanwhile, emerging markets are in much better shape, so capital wants to go there.
And this creates a problem for the EMs.
They don’t want their currencies to rise sharply; Brazil is not at all happy about this: But not letting the currency rise would be inflationary – that is, Brazil doesn’t want to give up on its independent monetary policy.
So what’s the answer?
All those accusation of hooliganism, currency wars etc.
are in effect demands that the trilemma be resolved by having America give up having an independent monetary policy — basically, that the Fed give up on trying to stabilize the US economy so that emerging markets aren’t faced with the uncomfortable tradeoff between massive appreciation and imported inflation.
But this shouldn’t and won’t happen.
The alternative, trilemma analysis suggests, is capital controls.
China already has these, but they’re looking a bit porous.
Brazil has been making some efforts in this direction, but they obviously haven’t been enough.
But to come back to the issue of monetary policy, what this analysis tells us is that the hard choices emerging markets are facing don’t reflect any kind of spectacular misbehavior on the part of the United States.
All that we’re seeing is the classic set of tradeoffs that any currency regime faces — and it’s not the business of the Fed to save other countries from the necessity of making choices.
As Jonathan Chait and Jamelle Bouie note, today was another VSP day at the Washington Post, with both the editorial page and the fact-checker tut-tutting at Democrats who insist on describing the Republican plan to dismantle Medicare as a plan to dismantle Medicare.
Because it is, you know, a plan to dismantle Medicare.
When you transform a program that pays seniors’ medical bills into a program that gives them a voucher that almost certainly isn’t enough to buy adequate insurance, you can call the new scheme Medicare, but it isn’t the same program.
What the Post fact-checker seems to want, nonetheless, is for Democrats to talk about what Republicans are proposing only in big words and complicated sentences, so that the public doesn’t understand what they’re saying.
And the editorial page is still trying to claim that there’s something honest and important about the Ryan plan — even though it is completely clear to anyone paying attention that this plan offers nothing constructive in the way of solutions to the problem of rising health costs.
Here’s an analogy: think of Medicare as a footbridge that is deteriorating and will eventually become unsafe.
You could propose structural repairs to fix its faults; Ryan doesn’t do that.
Instead, he proposes knocking the bridge down and replacing it with trampolines, in the hope that pedestrians can bounce across the stream.
And the Post declares that he deserves credit for pointing out that the bridge is falling down, and proposing a solution.
Um, we knew that the bridge was in bad shape — and his solution is a fraud.
What’s going on here?
Chait points out that denunciations of “scare tactics” only seem to happen when someone is trying to protect the social safety net, suggesting that what’s happening here is a reflection of the Beltway’s fundamental hostility to social insurance.
I’d also add that VSPs invested heavily in the Ryan bubble, and are still not willing to face up to the extent to which they were flim-flammed.
Anyway, Republicans are proposing to destroy Medicare; saying that clearly isn’t scare tactics, it’s simply pointing out the truth.
Look at 10-year TIPS yields: It’s truly amazing that Washington debate is dominated by fear of the bond market.
And it’s also truly amazing that nobody is suggesting that a government able to borrow long term at a real interest rate of 0.7 percent really should be taking advantage of those rates to finance some much-needed infrastructure investment.
Update: On a related issue, Real Time Economics suggests that it’s not the bond vigilantes we need to be worried about, it’s the “dollar vigilantes”, who push the dollar down on perceptions that American policy is too weak.
Lots of things to criticize there, but let me just point out one crucial difference.
If investors push up U.S. interest rates, that hurts our economic recovery.
But if they push down the dollar, that helps our recovery, by making US goods more competitive on world markets.
So if we really face dollar vigilantes (which I doubt), we should send them a thank-you note (maybe written in invisible ink?
).
I’m glad to see Greg Mankiw agreeing with me on the absence of any inflation risk in the current environment.
Maybe he should have a word with everyone else in his party.
Here’s another way to think about the issue.
As you can see above, wages have gone nowhere.
Commodity prices, on the other hand, have gone up a lot lately (although they crashed last week).
So here are a couple of questions.
First, do you see any sign that workers are about to (or are even able to) demand higher wages to compensate for the higher prices of gas and food?
Second, do you any sign that employers are getting ready to make more generous wage offers?
Third, have you heard anything about companies feeling that they have room to raise prices by substantially more than the rise in their raw material costs?
The answer to all three questions is clearly no.
So what we have is a rise in raw material prices, which will largely get passed on the consumers, but no hint that this is spreading into a wider rise in prices; and with labor costs flat, that means we get a one-time jump in consumer prices, but no persistent rise in inflation.
If you want to insist otherwise, you have to tell me how this is supposed to work.
And I haven’t heard any coherent explanations to that effect.
Commodity Rout Lends Credence to Bernanke’s Inflation Outlook, says Real Time Economics.
Well, yes.
Volatile prices are volatile, which is why they shouldn’t be used to determine monetary policy.
So will the inflationistas back off if the surge in commodity prices comes to an end?
Of course not.
They’re already getting ready to insist that any benign news on the inflation front is the result of bureaucrats at the BLS fudging the numbers.
It’s a conspiracy, I tell you!
Well, remember how the Ryan budget was supposed to mark our national moment of truth, forcing us into a serious discussion of fiscal choices?
Neither do I.
For now that the budget has turned out to be both cruel and ludicrous, Republicans have taken to defending it by … lying about it.
Jonathan Cohn catches Marco Rubio declaring that the Ryan plan doesn’t cut Medicare funding — when the Medicare cuts were precisely what supposedly made the plan “serious”.
(We were supposed to focus on that, not on the huge tax cuts or the plan’s reliance on assuming that discretionary spending could be reduced to Calvin Coolidge levels).
So we’re now completely in black-is-white territory.
The moment of truth has turned into (yet another) moment of falsehood.
I continue to be amazed by the way Very Serious People find ways to worry about everything except devastating unemployment.
They’ve now spent two years warning about the bond vigilantes about to pull the rug out from under us any day now; as of right now, the 10-year interest rate has fallen to 3.21 percent on weak economic data.
Now there’s suddenly vast alarm about the possibility of a drastic fall in the dollar.
OK, first, let’s have some perspective on what has happened so far.
Here’s the real effective exchange rate of the dollar since 1979: What’s got all the VSPs so worried is that little jog at the end, which has brought the dollar roughly back to its pre-crisis level.
Why has the dollar fallen lately?
The main answer is that while the Fed wants to keep rates low to help fight unemployment, the ECB is signaling that it wants to raise rates, never mind 21 percent unemployment in Spain.
This is a difference in economic philosophy, not the decline of empire.
And why, exactly, should we regard dollar decline as a problem?
It helps exports — and export booms are the normal way countries emerge from financial crisis.
Dollar declines haven’t brought woe in their wake in the past: neither the huge decline after 1985 nor the sustained decline during the Bush years — both of them dwarfing anything we’ve seen recently — brought catastrophe; in fact, both were associated with OK economic growth and mild inflation.
In some cases, currency declines have caused major balance sheet problems — but that’s because highly leverage players have large debts in foreign currency.
US households are plenty indebted — but those debts are in dollars.
So where’s this dollar panic coming from?
Well, like so many other things that have suddenly become big issues among the VSPs, it’s yet another reason not to do anything about unemployment.
Funny how that works.
WSJ: Commodity Surprise: Some Are Now Heading Down.
Good reporting on the slumps in cotton, copper, etc.
But why, exactly, is this such a surprise?
Real commodity prices — that is, prices relative to the prices of goods that aren’t as volatile — have gotten very high by historical standards: Some of this probably represents a long-term upward trend, as emerging economies place pressure on limited resources, but even so, you wouldn’t expect continued rapid rises, and in fact you should expect some regression toward normal levels as supplies and to some extent demand respond.
The only reason to believe that commodity prices would continue to soar would be if you thought that they were the harbinger of runaway inflation.
But they aren’t.
So if commodity prices come down, and headline inflation declines back toward core, we’ll see the inflationistas admit that they were wrong, right?
Also, pigs will fly.
I’ve been staying out of the truly stupid debate about whether Keynes advocated central planning; folks, this is not an issue to be settled by trawling his works for gotcha quotes.
Keynes had a model, laid out at length in his General Theory; it was a model of how an otherwise workable market economy can suffer from inadequate demand, and how government can play a useful role by pumping up demand to achieve full employment.
This model is, as Keynes himself said, moderately conservative in its implications.
But the ability of people to misread Keynes is remarkable.
Brad DeLong gives us an interview with Hayek, which is, as he says, disturbing.
What Brad doesn’t note is that early on Hayek engages in the classic smear of Keynes’s line about the long run.
Here’s what he actually wrote: But this long run is a misleading guide to current affairs.
In the long run we are all dead.
Economists set themselves too easy, too useless a task if in tempestuous seasons they can only tell us that when the storm is long past the ocean is flat again.
That’s an assertion that macroeconomics is grossly incomplete if it can’t say anything about short-run dynamics.
It is not an assertion that the long run doesn’t matter.
And anyone who asserts that it is demonstrates that he hasn’t gotten Keynes at all.
Kevin O’Rourke leads us to a good complaint by Colm McCarthy about the ECB’s handling of the eurozone crisis.
McCarthy tells us that it is dispiriting to have to listen to lectures from ECB officials who appear to regard the European banking crisis as essentially a morality play about fiscal policy.
and O’Rourke adds, By confusing fiscal and banking crises in the public mind, the ECB is also fuelling anti-EU sentiment in the core, since core taxpayers understandably resent the notion that they should subsidize feckless peripheral taxpayers.
By contrast, greater honesty about the fact that we have a Europe-wide banking crisis would make taxpayers everywhere realise that they have common interests, and a common enemy, namely an out-of-control financial sector.
In such a scenario, ‘Europe’ might be seen by ordinary voters as having something positive to contribute, since cross-border banking requires cross-border regulation.
Right now, however, ‘Europe’ is seen as a big part of the problem, in the case of the ECB correctly so.
Indeed.
The fiscalization and Hellenization of the crisis — the insistence by European officials that it’s all about fiscal irresponsibility, and that Greece is the exemplar of everything that went wrong — is a sight to behold, and not a pretty one.
Let’s look at debt levels and deficits on the eve of crisis: Yes, Greece had big debts and deficit.
Portugal had a significant deficit, but debt no higher than Germany.
And Ireland and Spain, which were actually in surplus just before the crisis, appeared to be paragons of fiscal responsibility — the former, said George Osborne, was a shining example of the art of the possible in long-term economic policymaking.
We know now that the apparent fiscal health of Ireland and Spain rested largely on housing bubbles — but that was by no means the official view at the time.
And nothing I’ve seen explains how new fiscal rules would prevent a similar crisis from happening again.
The way European officials are aggressively rejecting the obvious facts, and insisting on a story that fits their preconceptions, never mind the data, is striking.
Why, they’re behaving almost like … Americans.
Jonathan Bernstein says something I’ve been meaning to say, about the relationship between the Ryan plan and the ludicrous Heritage economic projection.
Strictly speaking, the Path to Prosperity document doesn’t actually use that projection in its estimates.
Yet it does direct us to the projection, in effect giving it a seal of approval.
And there is, as some of us have tried to point out, a huge magic asterisk in the revenue projections: Ryan calls for $3 trillion in tax cuts, but insists that his plan will be revenue-neutral, because they will do something unspecified to broaden the tax base.
Ryan and his colleagues have stonewalled all inquiries about what that something might be.
The best guess has to be that there is no there there — that if they ever get to the point of making this an actual plan, they’ll invoke the wonderful “dynamic” effects of lower taxes on rich people to fill that $3 trillion gap.
So the Heritage nonsense ends up being a crucial part of the plan after all.
Once again, let us wonder at the way this plan has been treated by the commentariat.
A guy says, “I care deeply about the deficit!” And then he releases a plan that depends on finding $3 trillion over the next decade from some unspecified source — oh, and he comes from a party that has a 30-year track record of promising to reduce the budget deficit but actually increasing it.
And everyone takes him seriously!
Just for a moment, let’s not do core inflation; let’s just look at the CPI — and let’s do it in levels, not rates of change.
Here’s the last 10 years: Does this look to you like an inflationary takeoff, or does it look to you like an economy that suffered a bout of deflation — mainly in commodity prices — during the worst of the crisis, then saw some rebound, but even now is somewhat below the pre-crisis trend?
OK, a calmer followup on Taylor.
Originally he claimed that there had been a huge expansion in government under Obama; I pointed out that about half the rise in the ratio of spending to GDP reflected low GDP, not high spending, and that the other half was basically safety net programs: Rather than addressing these facts directly, Taylor now claims that Obama must have expanded government, because his budget projected spending of 24 percent of GDP in 2021, up from 19.6 percent in 2007, before the crisis struck.
But the great bulk of this projected rise has nothing whatsoever to do with Obama’s policies.
Let’s compare the CBO projections for 2021(pdf) with the historical data (pdf) for 2007.
The projections shows spending rising from 19.6 percent of GDP to 24 percent; what’s behind that?
The answer: So, Social Security is up.
That has nothing to do with Obama, who hasn’t changed the program at all; it’s just demography, the baby boomers retiring.
Medicare is also up.
Obama actually cut funds from Medicare, a fact trumpeted by Republicans.
Nonetheless, projected spending is up, both because of demography and because of rising health costs.
Medicaid is up.
Some of that is due to the expansion in the Affordable Care Act, but much of it is just more demography — most Medicaid funds are spent on the elderly and disabled — plus health care costs.
And net interest is up because of recent and current deficits, largely the result of the Great Recession.
The bottom line is that using 2021 projections to claim that Obama has massively expanded government is nonsense.
The whole reason we’ve been having a debate about entitlements is that spending on those programs was projected to rise dramatically even under pre-Obama policies; the fact that they’re still projected to rise says nothing about what Obama did.
And the actual facts on spending — facts, not misinterpreted projections — still say that there has been no big expansion in government under Obama.
Oh, my.
Rather than answering my question — where are these big new Obama programs?
— he points to CBO projections showing that spending on mandatory programs is expected to remain high in 2021.
He has to know — or has no business writing about budget issues if he doesn’t know — what that’s mainly about: it’s about the baby boomers hitting retirement age, plus the continuing rise in health care costs.
Baby boom starts in 1946; 65 years after that is …?
I mean, we’ve been hearing tons about the demographic deluge (exaggerated, but still a very real factor).
And Taylor presents budget projections that are mainly driven by that demography as if they represented a massive Obama initiative?
Back to my original point: the actual rise in the spending/GDP ratio under Obama represents (1) weak GDP (2) safety net programs.
It’s not a huge expansion of government.
No amount of dodging can change that fact.
Jonathan Cohn rightly slams a little-noticed feature of the Republican plan — a rise in the Medicare eligibility age.
In general, the fervor with which Washington types call for raising eligibility ages is a “tell”: it shows how disconnected they are from the way the other half lives (and dies).
For in our increasingly polarized society, life expectancy is more and more a class-related issue.
As the Social Security Administration has shown, the gap between life expectancy in the top and bottom halves of the wage distribution has risen sharply: And by the way, Social Security eligibility has already gone up one year, and is scheduled to rise by another.
Add to this what I believe to be true, which is that rising life expectancy has not gone hand in hand with a rising age before costly conditions become common; Cohn shows that adding 65 and 66-year olds to the private insurance pool would cause a devastating rise in costs.
And then there’s the wisdom of Peter Cook: All in all I’d rather have been a judge than a miner.
And what is more, being a miner, as soon as you are too old and tired and sick and stupid to do the job properly, you have to go.
Well, the very opposite applies with the judges.
And wouldn’t you know it, it’s the judges — and the politicians, who are similar — who think it’s a great idea to raise the Medicare age.
Update: Link fixed.
Not all readers of this blog have been reading it consistently for the past few years, and as I read some of the comments it’s clear that many people don’t know where I’m coming from on macro issues.
So it may be worth reiterating a point I’ve made before — that I’ve actually been very consistent on this stuff, and that there’s a simple model underlying almost everything I write about macro.
My view is that we had a deleveraging shock that landed us in a liquidity trap — a situation in which short-term nominal interest rates are close to zero, so that conventional monetary policy has no traction.
And I had worked out the implications of a liquidity trap long ago.
In a liquidity trap even large increases in the monetary base aren’t inflationary; even large government deficits don’t drive up interest rates.
And so it has proved: What’s striking to me is the way people who reject this framework keep inventing special reasons to explain why things aren’t going the way they “should” — e.g., it’s QE2 that’s holding down those interest rates, so just you wait, or the surge in commodity prices (driven by growth in emerging markets) is a harbinger of huge inflation here, never mind the flatness of wages.
But as I see it, things have gone pretty much the way a model that we had before the crisis said they would.
Via Brad DeLong, I see that John Taylor is peddling the zombie claim that there has been a huge expansion in the federal government under Obama.
Sigh.
One way to address this claim is to ask, where are the huge new federal programs?
The Affordable Care Act has not yet kicked in; the stimulus, such as it was, is fading out; where is this big government surge?
In answer, the peddlers of this myth point to the fact — which is true — that federal spending as a share of GDP has risen, from 19.6 percent in fiscal 2007 to 23.6 percent in fiscal 2010.
(I use 2007 here as the last pre-Great Recession year).
But what’s behind that rise?
A large part of it is a slowdown in GDP rather than an accelerated rise in government spending.
Nominal GDP rose at an annual rate of 5.1 percent from 2000 to 2007; it only rose at a 1.7 percent rate from 2007 to 2010.
How much would the ratio of spending to GDP have gone up if spending had stayed the same, but there had not been a slowdown?
Here’s the answer: So about half of the rise in the ratio is due to a fall in the denominator rather than a rise in the numerator.
That still leaves a significant rise in spending.
What’s that about?
Here’s one way to look at the federal budget; I compare growth rates in spending from 2000 to 2007 and from 2007 to 2010: “Income security” is unemployment insurance, food stamps, SSI, refundable tax credits — in short, the social safety net.
Medicaid is a means-tested program that also serves as part of the safety net.
Yes, spending in these areas has surged — because the economy is depressed, and lots of people are unemployed.
What we’re seeing isn’t some drastic expansion of Big Government; we’re seeing the government we already had, responding to a terrible economic slump.
Taylor, who is a very good economist, has to know this.
He shouldn’t be spreading disinformation.
No particular reason to post this, except to provide something cheering after a tough day.
I’m ashamed to say that I wasn’t even aware of the band until the Grammys — but hey, I’m 58!
And as I suspect is happening with Brad, as an aging baby boomer I find it vastly reassuring to see that there are honest, creative artists still making their way up amid the commercialization.
And their live performances are truly addictive.
So:
People have been asking me about this article on the disappointing results of the Fed’s quantitative easing.
What I would say is that QE2 has been implemented in such a way that there was no reason to expect a lot of traction on the economy; the only channel through which we might have had large effects was via expectations.
And that part mainly happened before the policy actually began.
What is the Fed actually doing?
It isn’t “printing money”; it has been buying long term bonds, paying for them by adding to (interest-paying) bank reserves.
In effect, it has been borrowing short and lending long.
As Jim Hamilton explains, the right way to think about this is in terms of the consolidated balance sheet of the Fed and the feds — of the central bank and the Treasury.
When you look at it that way, we’re talking about a reduction in the average maturity of the debt held by the public, which should, other things equal, raise the price of long-term debt and hence reduce long-term interest rates.
But as Hamilton points out, even as the Fed has been acting to reduce that maturity, the Treasury has been increasing the maturity of its borrowing, to such an extent as to swamp the Fed’s efforts: So we shouldn’t have expected much if any direct effect.
(Also, by the way, this is a further answer to those who claim that Qe2 is what has been holding long rates down).
What QE2 might have done — and probably did do for a while — is act as a signal of the Fed’s determination to do whatever is necessary,and maybe of a willingness to accept higher inflation.
But this only goes so far, especially with all the political pressure on the Fed and its constant declarations, in the face of that pressure, that it remains as steadfast against inflation as ever.
It’s also worth remembering that Joe Gagnon’s proposal called for a much bigger effort, as well as some more explicit efforts to change expectations (and notice that all I said was that it was worth trying, not that it would surely work).
So what we’ve had is a much downsized version of the policy, more than offset by other government actions — a lot like the fiscal stimulus.
And we’re supposed to be surprised that it proved disappointing?
I’ve been fond of quoting the late Charles Kindleberger, who used to say that anyone who spends too much time thinking about international money goes mad.
(By the way, that’s just what I recall from class; if anyone has an actual reference, I’ be grateful).
But I’m thinking that we need to expand the proposition: it seems that almost everyone who weighs in on monetary matters of any kind goes crazy.
The proper reaction to QE2 is, “Meh”.
Just not a big deal.
Similarly for the depreciation of the dollar from its crisis peak to more or less where it was in early 2008.
The whole tone of this discussion is reminiscent of the way people talked about the gold standard back when it was widely thought that any meddling with the sacred role of a metal with precisely 79 protons would mean the demise of civilization.
But it has been 80 years since Britain went off gold, and last I noticed, William and Kate weren’t getting married in a desolate wasteland.
We’ve had freely floating exchange rates for almost 40 years, right through the reigns of Saint Reagan and Dear Leader (and no, 9/11 had nothing to do with the decline of the dollar under Bush — like I said, something about this subject brings out the crazies).
Anyway, money and monetary policy are basically technical issues, albeit important ones.
The fate of Western society is not at stake, nor is there a deep moral issue in allowing the purchasing power of the medium of exchange to depreciate modestly over time.
Calm down, everyone.
Readers familiar with health care economics may have noticed that today’s column was largely a translation into English of part of Kenneth Arrow’s seminal article on the economics of medical care (pdf), especially part IIB — the article that explained, half a century ago, why health care can’t be treated as an ordinary market.
It’s amazing that we’re still fighting to get people to understand the same lesson.
Jonathan Chait is annoyed with Jacob Weisberg, who wrote a ludicrously adulatory column about Paul Ryan, then admitted that he was wrong — and in the process once again gave Ryan credit that isn’t due.
Chait: The problem, of course, is that Ryan doesn’t own up to this [the requirement that spending be sharply cut to make room for his tax cuts] at all.
Continuing the Republican practice of denying any connections between revenues and deficits, he refuses to concede that the spending levels he proposes are in any way constrained by his preference for staying at or below Bush-level tax rates.
Let me pile on, in a different way: Weisberg now says that After my last column, I got pummeled in the liberal blogosphere for asserting that the Ryan budget represented a big step in the direction of conservative honesty.
I deserved some of the abuse.
Though I criticized Ryan for his unsupported rosy assumptions (shame on you, Heritage Foundation hacks), I reacted too quickly and didn’t sort out just how laughable Ryan’s long-term spending projections were.
His plan projects an absurd future, according to the Congressional Budget Office, in which all discretionary spending, now around 12 percent of GDP, shrinks to 3 percent of GDP by 2050.
Defense spending alone was 4.7 percent of GDP in 2009.
With numbers like that, Ryan is more an anarchist-libertarian than honest conservative.
Um, how can you lavish praise on a supposed long-term budget proposal without, you know, asking whether its long-run spending projections make sense?
Plus, while Weisberg originally poo-poohed my column from last year about Ryan’s flimflam, he apparently didn’t reread the part of the column where I criticized Ryan for making … laughable projections about discretionary spending.
Look, this is an important debate.
If you can’t be bothered to look at the numbers, you shouldn’t weigh in.
For some reason, I have been thinking that the WSJ first warned about the return of the bond vigilantes in May 2009.
But noooo [/end Belushi]: it was May 2008.
A year later, the WSJ repeated the claim.
And a year after that, it repeated it again.
Three years of this, and they never get embarrassed.
I’ve been getting questions about what happens when the Fed wraps up QE2 — related especially to Bill Gross’s public view that interest rates will shoot up.
This is related to the question of the extent to which QE2 has kept interest rates low.
So a quick exposition of my theoretical position, which also happens to be more or less standard economics.
So: I basically think of asset prices in a Tobin-type stock equilibrium framework (pdf).
People make portfolio choices, allocating their wealth among bonds, stocks, etc.. Asset prices – including the famous “q” – rise and fall to match these portfolio choices to the actual asset supplies.
On this view asset purchases matter because over time they change the stocks of assets available : by buying long term federal debt, the Fed takes some of that debt off the market, and hence drives up the price of what’s left, reducing interest rates.
The flow – the rate of purchases – matters only to the extent that it affects expected returns.
On this view, the fact that the Fed is currently buying some large fraction of debt issuance is irrelevant; interest rates are determined by the willingness at the margin of private investors to hold the existing stock of debt, regardless.
This view could be wrong, or at least incomplete.
Investor inertia – a tendency to leave funds where they are – could give flows an independent role.
But how much of a role?
If you believe that it is obvious that rates will spike as soon as QE2 ends, you have to ask why investors aren’t moving out of US debt now in anticipation; you don’t have to believe in efficient markets to believe that totally obvious gains or losses will be anticipated.
I’d also add that if flows matter a lot — if it’s hard to persuade investors to buy a suddenly increased quantity of newly issued Treasuries per month, as opposed to being willing to hold the total amount of Treasuries outstanding — the big shift into budget deficits and the corresponding increase in Treasury issuance should have led to sharply rising interest rates.
And as you may recall, some people did predict just that — and ended up not just with egg on their faces, but losing a lot of money for their investors.
So I don’t buy the notion that rates are low only because the Fed is doing QE2; if there were really a problem with the marketability of US debt, rates would be high regardless.
And so I don’t expect rates to spike when QE2 ends unless there’s good economic news that gives us a reason to believe that the zero-rate policy on short-term rates will end sooner than expected.
Update: Also, if you think that US interest rates are being held down by the fact that in some sense the Treasury hasn’t had to go to the market lately, since the Fed is buying debt — although the Fed isn’t actually buying it direct from Treasury — consider the case of Greeece.
Greece isn’t going to the market at all these days, since it’s getting all its funding from the bailout package.
That hasn’t stopped the 10-year interest rate on its outstanding debt from reflecting investors’ perception of its underlying solvency:
Chinese inflation is getting headlines, as it should.
But it’s worth bearing in mind that this is essentially a real problem, not a monetary problem.
Think of it in terms of the loanable funds model (which misses some issues, but gets at the essence, I think).
Imagine a world in which capital flows equalize interest rates between the North (advanced economies) and the South (emerging economies); savings schedules slope up, investment demand down: Now imagine a financial crisis in the North that reduces investment demand while increasing desired savings: In effect, this creates a new global savings glut, this time originating in advanced economies rather than in the decisions of China etc.
to accumulate reserves.
What markets “want” to do is send capital South.
But because the doctrine of immaculate transfer is false, this requires a rise in the relative price of goods and services in the South.
This could happen three ways: currency appreciation; inflation in the South; deflation in the North.
What we’re getting from emerging-market politicians are lots of complaints about US monetary policy, coupled with reluctance to let currencies rise.
This amounts to a demand that Northern deflation be the solution; that demand neither will nor should be honored.
And as for businesses that were counting on low Chinese costs, well, they were basing decisions on the assumption that the renminbi would be undervalued forever.
Guess not.
I mean it: both receive a weekly paycheck.
So there’s no difference in what they’re offered!
Oh, wait — you mean that the size of the paycheck matters too?
What brings this to mind is the now standard claim that Ryancare would be exactly the same as what members of Congress receive.
Ryan: What we are proposing is a personalized Medicare, a Medicare system that works exactly like the health care I have as a member of Congress and federal employees have.
As Uwe Reinhart points out, while it’s true that both systems would involve having the government provide a voucher that helps pay for private insurance, it kind of matters how big the voucher is.
The federal employees benefit plan rises in value in step with private insurance premiums; Ryan wants Medicare vouchers to grow only at the rate of inflation.
A bit of a difference: Next up: the Ryan plan, in its majestic equality, forbids members of Congress and Medicare recipients alike to sleep under bridges.
A blast from the past: the first time I spent a lot of time dredging through Heritage Foundation “analyses” was when I was writing this 2002 piece on inequality.
And I was particularly struck by the Heritage work on the estate tax (pdf), which contained passages like this: Every day, social and economic decisions are made with the estate tax in mind.
Minority businesspeople suffer anxious moments wondering whether the businesses they hope to hand to down to their children will be destroyed by the estate tax bill.
Factories drone on with worn-out equipment that would be replaced if capital costs fell.
Women who have raised their children struggle to find ways to re-enter the work force without upsetting the family’s estate tax avoidance plan.
What do these examples have in common?
They almost never happen.
Very few people pay any estate tax at all; very few small businesses were worth enough to pay the estate tax, let alone face breakup because of taxes, even at 2000 levels.
Also note the phony macroeconomic estimates in the Heritage document, with vast job losses from the estate tax — something I don’t think any serious economist would consider plausible.
And yes, William Beach, who wrote that ludicrous death tax piece, also did the vanishing 2.8 percent unemployment piece for Ryan.
He’s what Heritage considers an expert.
Just as a reminder that others have problems: Cezmi Dispinar points me to a post with an excellent chart about the problem of adjustment: Sorry that it’s in German — but it shows unit labor costs, with 1999=100.
The red line is Germany; the black line is France; the green line is the ECB’s 2 percent inflation target; the blue line is southern Europe.
The point is that the introduction of the euro led to a period of low interest rates in southern Europe, triggering an inflationary boom; when the boom ended, they were left uncompetitive with northern Europe.
And the ECB is in effect demanding that all the removal of that competitiveness gap take place via deflation in the south, none of it through inflation in Germany.
I’ve been reading various “news analyses” of the Ryan plan, and I’m feeling depressed.
In the past, I’ve complained about false equivalence — of “views differ on shape of the planet” type reporting.
But what I’m seeing here is worse: supposedly objective, even-handed reporting that actually prejudges the issue according to current conventional wisdom.
The stories I have in mind say things like this: “There are those who criticize the Ryan plan, saying that it’s too radical/goes too far.” As a card-carrying member of Those Who, I protest.
This is just wrong.
People like me don’t say that the Ryan plan is too radical; we say that it’s a fraud.
The spending cuts are largely fake, either because they’re just magic asterisks or because they wouldn’t survive politically; the revenue estimates are fake, because they combine huge tax cuts with vague assurances that extra revenue will be found by closing loopholes.
There’s no there there — except for big tax cuts for the rich and pain for the poor.
All I can think here is that reporters are so deep into the Beltway conventional wisdom that this is a Bold, Serious Plan that they just tune out the people saying that no, it’s not.
And what makes this especially bad is the fact John Cole points out, that the people praising the plan don’t seem to have actually read it: The plan is bold!
It is serious!
It took courage!
It re-frames the debate!
The ball is in Obama’s court!
Very wonky!
It is a game-changer!
Did I mention it is serious?
The math demands it!
We need to have shared sacrifice!
This puts us on the right course!
It’s serious and bold!
Read any one of their pieces the last couple of days, and it was like conventional wisdom/villager mad libs.
Actually reading the bill, realizing it isn’t serious, it isn’t bold, that it won’t set us on the right path because it gives away as much in taxes as it cuts from the needy, realizing the only people sacrificing are the poor while the well-off are lavished with trillions in tax cuts- well, doing that and actually thinking, like Bruce Bartlett, James Fallows, Paul Krugman, Dean Baker, and others managed to do, that would be just way too much work.
I like that phrase, conventional wisdom mad libs.
Anyway, no, I don’t think the plan goes too far.
I think it’s disingenuous and fraudulent.
And the reason I think that is that I have actually done the math.
OK, $2.9 trillion.
Anyway, pretty soon you’ll be talking about real money.
Richard Rubin and Stephen Sloan direct us to a new Tax Policy Center assessment of the tax cuts in the Ryan plan (all, repeat all, of which go to top incomes and corporations) which has been posted but not yet advertised on the TPC home page — you have to know that it’s there.
The people at TPC are careful to say that this is not a full assessment of the Ryan plan, because The proposed resolution includes measures to broaden the individual and corporate tax bases, but lacks sufficient detail for an estimate including those provisions.
I’ll say.
In fact, the proposal says it will broaden the tax base, but says nothing whatsoever about how.
And it would take an awful lot of broadening to make up for the revenue losses, which are estimated at $2.9 trillion.
To be fair, $370 billion of that is taxes associated with financing health care reform, which Ryan and co. want to repeal; but then again, CBO says that repealing health care reform would add more than $230 billion to the deficit, so it’s pretty nearly a wash. As Rubin and Sloan point out, even completely eliminating the mortgage interest deduction wouldn’t be enough to close more than a fraction of the gap.
And what does the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee have to say?
His spokesperson says, The pro-growth tax reform proposal included in Chairman Ryan’s budget proposal is both revenue neutral and holds revenue at historical norms.
I believe that translates as, “We believe in voodoo.
Also, arithmetic has a well-known liberal bias.” Looking at this massive tax cut — NOT taken account of in the CBO estimates — might almost make you think that (a) the Ryan plan would actually increase the deficit and (b) the whole goal is not to reduce the deficit, but to transfer income upward.
In fact, it so happens that the estimated cost of those tax cuts is almost exactly equal to the proposed cuts to Medicaid, food stamps, and other programs helping lower-income Americans.
But none of that can be true.
After all, the guy has won an award for fiscal responsibility.
Here’s the table from the CBO report you really want to focus on: Note the two boxed lines.
The first shows the supposed path of government spending on health care, which is supposed to go down as a share of GDP despite an aging population and the long-term rising trend in health care costs.
We know where that comes from: Ryan is proposing health care vouchers that grow only with general inflation — an incredibly stringent constraint, which nobody serious believes can be met.
The second shows spending on everything other than health care and Social Security, which is projected to fall in half as a share of GDP in just 10 years, and eventually to fall to levels comparable to those during the Coolidge administration — even as the US presumably maintains a post-isolationism-level military force.
Riiiggghhht.
This is just ridiculous; the only thing more ridiculous is the praise the plan is getting.
Gosh.
For a plan that supposedly sets a new standard of seriousness, Paul Ryan’s vision (pdf) depends an awful lot on unicorn sightings — belief in the impossible.
Let me review the top three unicorns.
First, the plan assumes that tax cuts will set off a literally unprecedented boom.
Here’s again, is what is assumed about unemployment: So Ryan is claiming that unemployment will plunge right away; that by 2015 it will be down to the levels at the peak of the 1990s boom (and far below anything achieved under the sainted Ronald Reagan); and that by 2021 it will be below 3 percent, a level we haven’t seen in more than half a century.
Right.
Then there’s the Medicare business.
According to the CBO analysis, a typical senior would end up spending more than twice as much of his or her own income on health care as under current law.
As Dean Baker points out, this means that seniors would end up paying most of their income for health care.
Again, right.
But in a way, the worst part isn’t the Medicare plan: it’s the fact — which so far has not penetrated the debate — that the biggest source of supposed savings in the plan isn’t actually health care, it’s an assumption that federal spending on everything except health and Social Security can somehow be squeezed, as a percent of GDP, to a small fraction of current levels.
Here’s the table, from Ryan’s own report: Notice the marked area at the bottom: Ryan is assuming that everything aside from health and SS can be squeezed from 12 percent of GDP now to 3 1/2 percent of GDP.
That’s bigger than the assumed cut in health care spending relative to baseline; it accounts for all of the projected deficit reduction, since the alleged health savings are all used to finance tax cuts.
And how is this supposed to be accomplished?
Not explained.
This isn’t a serious proposal; it’s a strange combination of cruelty and insanely wishful thinking.
Wow.
Yesterday afternoon I downloaded the tables from that Heritage report that’s the basis for the Ryan plan.
The first page looked like this: You can see the unemployment forecast, with the amazing 2.8 percent prediction, in the fourth set of figures.
But go to the same place right now, and you get this: Yep — they took the offending number out.
I mean, really, guys — this is all over the blogosphere; did you really think you could get away with pretending it was never there?
But this does bring back memories: during the Social Security debate, Cato tried to expunge all evidence that it had ever used the word “privatization”, when it was easy to show that its project was originally the Project on Social Security Privatization.
Anyway, you now know what kind of people we’re dealing with.
Update: For reference, here they are (pdf files): As of yesterday.
As of today.
Update update: It’s worth noting that both the original and purged versions also assume that we’re on the wrong side of the Laffer curve.
The Ryan plan sharply cuts taxes on top income, yet if you look at the last page you’ll see that tax receipts are supposed to go up by almost $600 billion.
OK, let’s leave the badness of the Medicare plan aside for now, and look at the economic projection the plan is based on.
Here’s part of what the people at Heritage are claiming the plan will accomplish: In case you’re having trouble reading that, here’s the forecast for unemployment (the red line at the right) in the context of the historical record: Except briefly during the Korean War, the United States has never achieved unemployment as low as Ryan and co. are claiming.
The Fed believes that the lowest unemployment rate compatible with price stability is between 5 and 6 percent — that is, twice what Ryan is claiming he will achieve.
This is ridiculous; it’s megalomaniacal.
If Obama tried to claim that his policies would achieve anything like this, he’d be laughed out of office.
Awesome.
It’s now widely claimed that QE2 has been a success — and for sure, the US economy, which seemed to be sliding into a deflationary morass last summer, has perked up since then.
But why?
A few thoughts.
Back in the old days, when dinosaurs roamed the earth and students still learned Keynesian economics, we used to hear a lot about the monetary “transmission mechanism” — how the Fed actually got traction on the real economy.
Both the phrase and the subject have gone out of fashion — but it’s still an important issue, and arguably now more than ever.
Now, what you learned back then was that the transmission mechanism worked largely through housing.
Why?
Because long-lived investments are very sensitive to interest rates, short-lived investments not so much.
If a company is thinking about equipping its employees with smartphones that will be antiques in three years, the interest rate isn’t going to have much bearing on its decision; and a lot of business investment is like that, if not quite that extreme.
But houses last a long time and don’t become obsolete (the same is true to some extent for business structures, but in a more limited form).
So Fed policy, by moving interest rates, normally exerts its effect mainly through housing.
Not this time, however, since housing is deeply depressed and there’s a huge overhang of excess capacity.
So if QE2 did work, how did it work?
Well, if you look at the sources of fourth-quarter growth it looks like this: It’s basically consumption and net exports.
Now, that net export number is a bit funny: there was a huge drop in imports, which probably came largely from a rundown in inventories, and isn’t sustainable.
Still, trade does seem to be making a positive contribution.
Nonresidential investment has been rising rapidly, but it was doing that even before QE2 was announced.
And what might be driving consumption and net exports?
How about this?
For what it’s worth, casual observation suggests that a lot of the growth in consumer spending has been at the high end, which suggests in turn that a higher stock market might be driving it.
And the lower dollar has clearly helped US exporters and import-competing firms.
If QE really is working through stocks and the dollar, are there further implications?
I’m not sure — in a highly indebted society, you might hesitate at policies that would increase private debt further, but if stocks are driving the story, the consumers now spending more aren’t the same people who are in debt trouble — so that’s actually OK. And as for the weaker dollar, if the Chinese and the Brazilians don’t like it, they are free to let their currencies appreciate.
Anyway, that’s my casual take on what has happened.
I would say that if it’s right, it’s far from clear that the recovery will prove self-sustaining.
That’s Doris Lessing on the left, and Albert Einstein by the food bowls.
Happy April Fool’s Day.
Every once in a while I get comments and correspondence indicating that the right has found an unlikely economic hero: Warren Harding.
The recovery from the 1920-21 recession supposedly demonstrates that deflation and hands-off monetary policy is the way to go.
But have the people making these arguments really looked at what happened back then?
Or are they relying on vague impressions about a distant episode, with bad data, that has been spun as a confirmation of their beliefs?
OK, I’m not going to invest a lot in this.
But even a cursory examination of the available data suggests that 1921 has few useful lessons for the kind of slump we’re facing now.
Brad DeLong has recently written up a clearer version of a story I’ve been telling for a while (actually since before the 2008 crisis) — namely, that there’s a big difference between inflation-fighting recessions, in which the Fed squeezes to bring inflation down, then relaxes — and recessions brought on by overstretch in debt and investment.
The former tend to be V-shaped, with a rapid recovery once the Fed relents; the latter tend to be slow, because it’s much harder to push private spending higher than to stop holding it down.
And the 1920-21 recession was basically an inflation-fighting recession — although the Fed was trying to bring the level of prices, rather than the rate of change, down.
What you had was a postwar bulge in prices, which was then reversed: Money was tightened, then loosened again: Discount rates are a problematic indicator, but here’s what happened to commercial paper rates: And so there was a V-shaped recovery: The deflation may have helped by increasing the real money supply — at least Meltzer thinks so (pdf) — but if so, the key point was that the economy was nowhere near the zero lower bound, so there was plenty of room for the conventional monetary channel to work.
All of this has zero relevance to an economy in our current situation, in which the recession was brought on by private overstretch, not tight money, and in which the zero lower bound is all too binding.
So do we have anything to learn from the macroeconomics of Warren Harding?
No.
This post by John Taylor is getting a lot of attention, because it does show a striking correlation between investment and unemployment: But when Taylor leaps from that correlation to saying that what we need for economic recovery is to “lighten up on the anti-business sentiment coming out of Washington,” I wonder what is going on in his head.
I mean, Taylor presents another graph, showing a plunge in fixed investment since 2006: But that’s overall fixed investment.
Let’s decompose it: It’s mostly the housing bust!
Yes, business investment is low — but no lower than you might expect given the depressed state of the economy.
In fact, business investment is roughly the same percentage of GDP now that it was at the same stage of the much milder 2001 recession.
What the data actually say is that we had a catastrophic housing bust and consumer pullback, and that businesses have, predictably, cut back on investment in the face of excess capacity.
The rest is just politically motivated mythology.
So, on one side, you have David Leonhardt pointing out, completely correctly, that the Fed is being far too timid.
And on the other hand (via Yglesias), we have Tim Pawlenty — who’s supposed to be the non-crazy non-Romney — saying things like this: Former Minnesota Gov.
Tim Pawlenty (R) predicted Tuesday that the U.S. will face a double-dip recession that could last all the way until the 2012 elections.
The likely presidential candidate said the government, under President Obama, has devalued the dollar by injecting “fiat money” into the economy in an attempt to boost it — a plan he said will be damaging in the long-run.
Now, it’s perfectly clear, even from that small bit, that Pawlenty has absolutely no idea what he’s talking about — that he doesn’t know that we’ve had fiat money since 1933, when FDR took us off the gold standard, and that he also doesn’t know that Ben Bernanke, not Obama, controls the monetary base.
My guess is that Pawlenty was just repeating some phrases he’s heard from the Paulistas, and doesn’t even know the difference between monetary and fiscal policy.
After all, he’s done this sort of thing before, going national with some false claims about government employment that he picked up from some right-wing document.
And this is what passes for presidential material.
Early last year, many people on both sides of the Atlantic seized on the idea that less is more — that cutting spending would actually help, not hinder, recovery.
There was a paper by Alesina and Ardagna that seemed to provide evidence to that effect, and nothing succeeds like telling people what they want to hear.
Since then, the whole intellectual edifice has collapsed.
The Alesina et al methodology turns out to be deeply flawed, which should have been obvious from the start (and was, to some of us.)
The alleged cases of expansionary austerity have, without exception, turned out to be bad examples, either involving cuts when the economy was booming or situations in which sharp interest rate declines and/or currency depreciations were the actual sources of expansion.
But by then expansionary austerity was the official doctrine of the Conservatives in Britain (and also the ECB) and of the GOP here.
So, how are they dealing with the collapse of their doctrine?
Karl Smith notes that the JEC report is actually even sleazier than I realized on first read.
It doesn’t actually say that contraction is expansionary; it engages in innuendo, talking about things that could or might happen, conveying the impression that it’s demonstrating a fact while providing deniability, because it never actually says outright that less is more.
Meanwhile, in Britain, via Yves Smith, people have been digging into the details of the government forecast, and finding that it relies on the assumption that household debt will rise to new heights relative to income: Why?
Because the only way the economy can avoid taking a hit from government cuts is if private spending rises to fill the gap — and although you rarely hear the austerians admitting this, the only way that can happen is if people take on more debt.
So we have the spectacle of a government that inveighs against the evils of debt pinning all its hopes on an assumption that over-indebted households will dig their hole even deeper.
All in all, it’s quite a spectacle.
It would be funny, except that millions of people will suffer the cost of this folly.
Mike Konczal has been blogging about the continuing conservative insistence that slashing government spending is actually expansionary, as embodied in the recent JEC report (pdf).
As he says, it’s a remarkable thing: the empirical case for expansionary austerity has collapsed on examination, but the doctrine lives on regardless.
One thing Mike fails to note is that the recent AEI paper on deficit reduction, which is cited by that JEC study in a way that might make you think that it supports the case for expansionary austerity, actually never provides any evidence to that effect; it focuses only on deficit reduction as an end in itself.
In fact, it comes close to conceding defeat on the issue: While the tendency for spending cuts to be more effective at driving down debt levels is widely accepted, there is a great deal more controversy concerning the impact of successful consolidation on GDP growth.
Although empirical studies have found many consolidations coupled with expansion, the degree to which consolidation drives rather than merely accompanies expansion is disputed.
Various mechanisms have been proposed through which consolidation may spur growth, including credibility effects on interest rates and the effects outlined under the expectational view.
However, the literature has identified endogeneity issues in many of these studies that may cause them to overstate expansionary effects.
Not that this will make any difference to the GOP position, of course.
It’s notable that the JEC report blithely cites Canada and Sweden in the 1990s as demonstrations of its case, even though both have in fact been extensively debunked.
Meanwhile, this just in from Britain, the poster child for expansionary austerity: U.K. business confidence declined in March to the lowest in two years, suggesting the economy may struggle to gather strength in the second quarter.
A gauge of sentiment, which aims to predict economic developments four months in advance, fell to 1 from 3 in February, London-based Lloyds Banking Group Plc (LLOY) said in an e- mailed statement today.
The share of companies that were less optimistic about economic prospects increased to 44 percent from 36 percent in the previous month.
I think Dean Baker and I are converging on deficits and independent currencies.
He asserts that having your own currency makes a big difference — you can still end up like Zimbabwe, but not like Greece right now.
I’m fine with that.
Specifically, the reason Greece (and Ireland, and Portugal, and to some extent Spain) are in so much trouble is that by adopting the euro they’ve left themselves with no good way out of the aftereffects of the pre-2008 bubble.
To regain competitiveness, they need massive deflation; but that deflation, in addition to involving an extended period of very high unemployment, worsens the real burden of their outstanding debt.
Countries that still have their own currencies don’t face the same problems.
I like to use this picture, showing deficits and debt as of the end of 2010: Source.
I’ve used the 2009 deficit for Ireland, so as not to include the one-time costs of the bank bailout.
What you can see here is that the US and the UK look as if they should be in a similar category with the troubled European peripherals; and Japan is literally off the chart.
But having our own currencies makes a big difference.
All I’m saying is that dollar or no dollar, fiscal solvency is still an issue — not now, not for some time to come, but not something we can always ignore.
Wow.
The GOP prescription for higher employment is actually quite spectacular — it’s a thing of many levels, an ignorance wrapped in a fallacy.
The idea is this: we’ll lay off government workers; this will raise unemployment, putting downward pressure on wages; and lower wages will lead to higher employment.
So, for this to work you first have to have a downward-sloping demand for labor as a function of the nominal wage rate.
There’s no reason to believe that’s the case: in a liquidity trap, falling wages probably reduce the demand for labor, because they worsen the burden of debt.
And even if you somehow bypass this objection, the argument is still nonsense: it says that by reducing demand, you cut the price, which increases demand, which means that you end up selling more than before.
Um, no — that’s the kind of answer that, in Econ 101, has you suggesting that the student get special tutoring.
Given all that, it’s hardly worth mentioning that they’re appealing to the thoroughly refuted doctrine of expansionary austerity.
As Wolfgang Pauli used to say, what we have here is an argument that isn’t even wrong.
Right now, deficits don’t matter — a point borne out by all the evidence.
But there’s a school of thought — the modern monetary theory people — who say that deficits never matter, as long as you have your own currency.
I wish I could agree with that view — and it’s not a fight I especially want, since the clear and present policy danger is from the deficit peacocks of the right.
But for the record, it’s just not right.
The key thing to remember is that current conditions — lots of excess capacity in the economy, and a liquidity trap in which short-term government debt carries a roughly zero interest rate — won’t always prevail.
As long as those conditions DO prevail, it doesn’t matter how much the Fed increases the monetary base, and it therefore doesn’t matter how much of the deficit is monetized.
But this too shall pass, and when it does, things will be very different.
So suppose that we eventually go back to a situation in which interest rates are positive, so that monetary base and T-bills are once again imperfect substitutes; also, we’re close enough to full employment that rapid economic expansion will once again lead to inflation.
The last time we were in that situation, the monetary base was around $800 billion.
Suppose, now, that we were to find ourselves back in that situation with the government still running deficits of more than $1 trillion a year, say around $100 billion a month.
And now suppose that for whatever reason, we’re suddenly faced with a strike of bond buyers — nobody is willing to buy U.S. debt except at exorbitant rates.
So then what?
The Fed could directly finance the government by buying debt, or it could launder the process by having banks buy debt and then sell that debt via open-market operations; either way, the government would in effect be financing itself through creation of base money.
So?
Well, the first month’s financing would increase the monetary base by around 12 percent.
And in my hypothesized normal environment, you’d expect the overall price level to rise (with some lag, but that’s not crucial) roughly in proportion to the increase in monetary base.
And rising prices would, to a first approximation, raise the deficit in proportion.
So we’re talking about a monetary base that rises 12 percent a month, or about 400 percent a year.
Does this mean 400 percent inflation?
No, it means more — because people would find ways to avoid holding green pieces of paper, raising prices still further.
I could go on, but you get the point: once we’re no longer in a liquidity trap, running large deficits without access to bond markets is a recipe for very high inflation, perhaps even hyperinflation.
And no amount of talk about actual financial flows, about who buys what from whom, can make that point disappear: if you’re going to finance deficits by creating monetary base, someone has to be persuaded to hold the additional base.
At this point I have to say that I DON’T EXPECT THIS TO HAPPEN — America is a very long way from losing access to bond markets, and in any case we’re still in liquidity trap territory and likely to stay there for a while.
But the idea that deficits can never matter, that our possession of an independent national currency makes the whole issue go away, is something I just don’t understand.bv [Sorry, looks as if Doris hit the Fcat key just before I hit save.]
Regular readers may recall my praise for William Cronon’s Nature’s Metropolis: Chicago and the Great West, a great book that had a big influence on my work in economic geography.
Cronon has inspired many other people; Josh Marshall was deeply influenced by his environmental history of New England.
Cronon, who teaches at the University of Wisconsin, is, quite simply, a great historian.
He also feels some duty as a citizen, in particular a citizen of his state.
So earlier this week he published an op-ed in the Times condemning the power grab by the state’s governor.
And what happened next?
Wisconsin Republicans have demanded access to his personal email records.
Yes, personal.
Cronon has a wisconsin.edu email address — but nobody, and I mean nobody, considers such academic email addresses something specially reserved for university business.
Actually, according to Cronon he has been especially careful, maintaining a separate personal account — but nobody would have considered it out of the ordinary if he mingled personal correspondence with official business on the dot edu address.
And no, the fact that he’s at a public university doesn’t change that: when my students take jobs at Berkeley or SUNY, they don’t imagine that they’re entering into a special fishbowl environment that they wouldn’t encounter at Georgetown or Haverford.
But then, we know perfectly well what’s going on here.
Republicans aren’t looking for some abuse of Cronon’s position; they’re hoping to find some statement that can be quoted out of context to discredit him.
At the very least, they hope that other academics will henceforth feel intimidated.
And somehow, we can be sure that people like, say, Richard Vedder of Ohio University wouldn’t be subject to equivalent scrutiny.
As usual, the nakedness of the thing is what’s surprising.
Brad DeLong, in writing about the dubious state of economics as a discipline (at least in some quarters), offers a useful set of quotes and links from freshwater economists who were shocked, shocked at the idea that anyone imagined that fiscal expansion might be expansionary.
Brad stresses these economists’ ignorance of intellectual tradition.
But they were and still are amazingly ignorant of what contemporary economists who don’t happen to be part of their hermetic world have been doing.
In my world — and by this I mean my narrowly professional world as a research economist — the big development of the 1990s was the updating of Mundell-Fleming by Maury Obstfeld and Ken Rogoff.
Mundell-Fleming is the classic application of IS-LM models to open economies; Obstfeld-Rogoff redid it in terms of New Keynesian modeling, which itself was created during the 1980s by Akerlof, Yellen, Mankiw, Blanchard, Kiyotaki, and others.
Over time, the O-R work gave rise to a whole genre of New Open Economy Macroeconomics.
When I started working on the liquidity trap, Obstfeld-Rogoff was in the back of my mind, although I was always looking for ways to make the models (much) simpler, among other things by pushing the open-economy side of things to the background.
To be clear, I don’t actually believe in all the intertemporal maximization that goes on in these models; but I find it very useful nonetheless to see whether my intuitions can be borne out within that kind of framework, if only to be sure that the argument is internally consistent.
And one of the things O-R considered, right from the get-go, was fiscal policy.
In the linked 1994 paper they showed, among other things, that a temporary fiscal expansion “works” even with Ricardian equivalence; and that when there are unemployed resources, the expansion of government spending need not come at the expense of private spending, but instead comes from putting additional resources to work.
And so I was somewhat stunned when, as the fiscal debate unfolded, we had all these Chicago types sneeringly asserting that “nobody”, except possibly people at “third-tier” departments, has believed for decades that fiscal expansion can actually expand demand; Obstfeld and Rogoff are pretty prominent nobodies.
I was equally stunned by assertions that Ricardian equivalence would wipe out any expansionary effect from fiscal policy, and that government spending necessarily crowds out an equal amount of private spending, when influential modern papers have shown quite clearly, and as rigorously as anyone could want, that it just ain’t so.
But in retrospect, it’s quite clear: Lucas and Sargent declared final victory over all things Keynesian in the 1970s, and the closed minds of their followers were such that they didn’t even notice the revival of Keynesianism that took place over the three decades that followed.
And Brad is right: if you’ve reached the point where you don’t pay attention to anything that might disturb your orthodoxy, you’re not doing science, you’re not even pursuing a discipline.
All you’re doing is perpetuating a smug, closed-minded sect.
Some people have asked me for reactions to this piece by Alan Greenspan (pdf) on how Obama’s activism is preventing economic recovery.
I could go through the weak reasoning, the shoddy econometrics that ignores a large literature on business investment and ignores simultaneity problems, etc., etc..
But never mind; just consider the tone.
Greenspan writes in characteristic form: other people may have their models, but he’s the wise oracle who knows the deep mysteries of human behavior, who can discern patterns based on his ineffable knowledge of economic psychology and history.
Sorry, but he doesn’t get to do that any more.
2011 is not 2006.
Greenspan is an ex-Maestro; his reputation is pushing up the daisies, it’s gone to meet its maker, it’s joined the choir invisible.
He’s no longer the Man Who Knows; he’s the man who presided over an economy careening to the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression — and who saw no evil, heard no evil, refused to do anything about subprime, insisted that derivatives made the financial system more stable, denied not only that there was a national housing bubble but that such a bubble was even possible.
If he wants to redeem himself through hard and serious reflection about how he got it so wrong, fine — and I’d be interested in listening.
If he thinks he can still lecture us from his pedestal of wisdom, he’s wasting our time.
In the Times: Ms. Merkel, a former academic married to a professor, was being accused of belittling intellectual property theft and, by implication, the value of an advanced degree, which is not a purely academic matter in this country.
Many jobs require such degrees in Germany, where, as is not the case in America, calling oneself doctor for having completed a thesis in, say, political science or art history, is not embarrassing but normal, even when filling out Lufthansa’s online booking forms.
(The airline generously provides three levels of academic achievement for its overachieving countrymen: doctor, professor and professor doctor, skipping the extremely rare but not unheard-of German mouthful Herr Professor Doctor Doctor).
As someone who actually is Herr Professor Doktor Doktor (honorary degree from the Free University in Berlin), I’m feeling slighted.
As for Mr. Guttenberg, he should take the whole plagiarism thing in stride.
In resigning, it was a far far better thing than he had ever done before; tomorrow is another day; and he has nothing to fear but fear itself.
Roger Cohen writes about David Cameron’s new campaign calling for a focus on “emotional prosperity” rather than just financial prosperity.
As he notes, it’s easy to be cynical about Cameron’s motives — and I am.
There’s also the question of what difference it makes.
How would policy change if we agreed that happiness, not GDP, is the goal?
After all, it’s not as if governments really try to maximize GDP, so why does it matter if we change the thing that they aren’t really targeting anyway?
And yet, there are cases in which the distinction between financial and emotional prosperity makes a big difference — namely, periods of high unemployment.
One overwhelming result of happiness research is that having a job matters a lot, much more than you might have expected just from the income involved.
Well, duh, you may say — and it’s true that anyone who has ever spent time unemployed, or knows anyone who has been unemployed, knows that the blow to self-esteem is far greater than the mere financial loss.
Think about the fact that real income per capita right now is considerably higher than it was at the peak of the Clinton-era boom: So are Americans happier?
Of course not — in 1999 or 2000 everyone could easily find a job, right now everyone — even the highly educated — faces the prospect of very long-term unemployment if anything goes wrong.
So what does this say about policy?
It says that job creation is urgent, even if it isn’t very productive in terms of GDP.
A WPA-type program when you’re in a severe slump is more productive than most people imagine, but even if it isn’t very productive, it can do a lot to help the nation’s overall welfare, simply by putting people to work.
And if the debt run up to pay for the program means higher taxes later, so?
The monetary cost will have much less negative impact on public welfare than the unemployment that would have happened without that program.
The irony, of course, is that Cameron is pushing happiness economics even as he pursues an austerity program that will lead to a great deal of misery, above and beyond the lost GDP.
One thing that should be obvious about death panel arguments a la Huckabee — but which I haven’t seen pointed out — is the game of three-card monte that goes on over what it means to “ration” health care.
The switch goes like this: reformers argue that Medicare needs to make choices about what it will pay for; people like Huckabee then scream that the government is going to tell people that they can’t get medical care it disapproves of.
But nobody is proposing that the government deny you the right to have whatever medical care you want at your own expense.
We’re only talking about what medical care will be paid for by the government.
And right-wingers, of all people, shouldn’t believe that everyone has the right to have whatever they want, at taxpayers’ expense.
The Declaration of Independence did not declare that we have the right to life, liberty, and the all expenses paid pursuit of happiness.
And of course Huckabee knows this; he’s being completely cynical here — and his whole party is going along.
I wrote yesterday about the sad persistence of misunderstanding, on the part of Ricardian equivalence types, of how their own models work.
Nick Rowe has a critique of my critique, in which he makes a good point about measuring output.
But I think he’s answering the wrong question, or at any rate not the question both the Ricardian misunderstanders and I am trying to answer.
By the way, for general readers: I’m going to be jargon-heavy here, because I don’t have time to make this comprehensible.
Sorry.
So let’s go back to the original debate.
There’s a widespread claim that goes like this: if the government increases spending, people will know they’ll face higher taxes in the future, so they’ll cut back on consumer spending, with the end result that the fiscal stimulus will fail to increase employment or output.
And they think this is a natural consequence of Ricardian equivalence.
But this is just wrong for a temporary increase in government spending.
I gave the intuition in my previous post.
But I think it’s also helpful to think in terms of a specific model — say, the simple model I used to think about the liquidity trap back in 1998.
In that model we have full Ricardian equivalence.
Nonetheless, a temporary rise in government spending when the economy is up against the zero lower bound has no crowding out effect on consumption at all: the multiplier is 1.
Why?
Because future consumption won’t fall — the rise in government spending is temporary, and full employment ensures that future consumption will match the available resources.
And current consumption is tied down by the Euler condition: the ratio of marginal utilities now and later equals 1 plus the interest rate.
So what we see here is that private consumption remains the same even as the government goes out and employs people digging ditches; there is no crowding out.
Now, what Nick Rowe points out is that if the government spending is literally worthless — if people are just digging holes and filling them up again — GDP, properly measured, doesn’t rise in the first period.
OK, fair enough.
And maybe we should consider make-work jobs just a form of transfer payment, so that employment, properly measured, doesn’t rise either — although I would quarrel with that; a job feels like a job whether or not, in the judgment of an outside observer, it’s adding value.
But the key point is that whatever your interpretation of what’s going on here, it doesn’t look at all like the situation people who imagine they’re using Ricardian reasoning envision.
That is, the supposed story in which government spending is frustrated by a fall in private spending never happens.
And once again, this is in the context of a model with full Ricardian features: perfect foresight, perfect capital markets, immortal consumers.
And the puzzle remains: how is it that New Keynesians understand New Classical models, but New Classicals don’t?
From the man leading polls of Republicans for the 2012 nomination:
Via Mark Thoma, Antonio Fatas criticizes the chief economist of the World Bank for getting the implications of Ricardian equivalence for fiscal policy all wrong.
I’ve been on this case for a while.
Let me repost most of it: It’s one thing to have an argument about whether consumers are perfectly rational and have perfect access to the capital markets; it’s another to have the big advocates of all that perfection not understand the implications of their own model.
So let me try this one more time.
Here’s what we agree on: if consumers have perfect foresight, live forever, have perfect access to capital markets, etc., then they will take into account the expected future burden of taxes to pay for government spending.
If the government introduces a new program that will spend $100 billion a year forever, then taxes must ultimately go up by the present-value equivalent of $100 billion forever.
Assume that consumers want to reduce consumption by the same amount every year to offset this tax burden; then consumer spending will fall by $100 billion per year to compensate, wiping out any expansionary effect of the government spending.
But suppose that the increase in government spending is temporary, not permanent — that it will increase spending by $100 billion per year for only 1 or 2 years, not forever.
This clearly implies a lower future tax burden than $100 billion a year forever, and therefore implies a fall in consumer spending of less than $100 billion per year.
So the spending program IS expansionary in this case, EVEN IF you have full Ricardian equivalence.
Is that explanation clear enough to get through?
Is there anybody out there?
Apparently not — at least not at the World Bank.
A number of people have asked for my own list of top finance/economics/whatever blogs.
I don’t know that I can be systematic.
What I can do, however, is tell you what I read most mornings.
I start with, yes, the NY Times — which I would do even if it weren’t my employer; it’s still, in a world of many choices, the newspaper of record.
Then I look at the Financial Times.
I get both papers in physical form, although I read them online while traveling.
Then, to blogs.
Mark Thoma’s Economist’s View is first stop, in part for Mark’s own insights, in part because it’s a clearinghouse for so much other stuff.
I often follow some of his recommended links right away.
Next up, Ezra Klein for Wonkbook and whatever else he brings up.
Again, I often follow some of the links.
And Washington Monthly is a good place to catch up on politics.
And later in the day, to make allowance for California time, Brad DeLong.
I don’t mean to devalue other blogs.
I read Calculated Risk, Econbrowser, Rortybomb, Naked Capitalism, Yglesias, the Jons at The New Republic, Icanhascheezburger, and more, just not so systematically.
There’s a lot of information out there; if the world weren’t going to hell, it would be a great place.
Ladies and gentlemen, the man President Obama chose to co-chair his deficit commission: “This is a fakery,” Simpson said on Fox News.
“If they care at all about their children or grandchildren, and sometimes I doubt that – I think, you know, grandchildren now don’t write a thank-you for the Christmas presents, they’re walking on their pants with the cap on backwards listening to the enema man and Snoopy Snoopy Poop Dogg, and they don’t like them!” I think the “enema man” is Eminem; put that together with the dog, and you have to wonder what Freud would say.
Brad DeLong is mad at Tyler Cowen, with reason — for Cowen writes about US fiscal irresponsibility, fairly sensibly, without mentioning the elephant, and I do mean elephant, in the room: the role of the post-Reagan GOP.
Look: until 1980 or so the United States generally paid its way; the ratio of debt to GDP generally fell over time.
Then starve-the-beast came to power, and fiscal realism went away.
That’s the story; anyone who glosses over that, who makes it a plague-on-both-houses issue or, worse, makes it seem as if Obama is the villain, is in an essential way misleading his readers.
Bear in mind, too, that the signature initiatives of Republican presidents — the Reagan tax cut, the Bush tax cut, the Medicare drug benefit — have all been unfunded deficit-raisers; the signature initiatives of Democratic presidents — the Clinton tax hike, Obamacare — have all been deficit-reducing.
(Yes, the stimulus — but that was intended to be temporary, and has in fact proved too temporary; and Bush I’s tax increase was an exception, but the GOP has made it clear that nothing like that will ever happen again.)
Democrats aren’t fiscal saints.
But we have one party that has been generally responsible, and tries to pay for what it wants, and another party that consistently, deliberately, takes actions to increase deficits in the long term.
Saying this may be shrill; but not saying it is being deceptive.
Jonathan Chait gets angry at the way Republicans, who claim to care about the deficit, propose saving money by cutting back on expenditures that are needed to control health costs.
Indeed.
But there’s a larger dynamic at work here than mere stupidity.
Let’s focus, in particular, on the ridicule some of the quoted Republicans heap on “comparative effectiveness research.” Ask yourself, what do we have to do to control Medicare costs?
We can save some money, maybe a lot, by reforming payment systems so that providers are paid for overall treatment rather than on a fee-for-service basis.
But over the long term, the fundamental issue is going to be to decide what Medicare will and won’t pay for.
We need, as Henry Aaron has often said, to learn how to say no.
Notice that this is very different from the issue on Social Security.
You can propose simply cutting retirement benefits by 25 percent, and that’s doable.
But you can’t decide to do only three-quarters of every operation and test that Medicare pays for (and no, you can’t demand that patients pay 1/4 of the cost without effectively denying care to many Americans.)
So Medicare cuts are an inherently harder problem than SS cuts.
In fact, I suspect that’s one reason, beyond the political motivations, why inside-the-Beltway types love to talk about Social Security, a trivial concern, while avoiding the vastly more important Medicare issue.
So how are you going to make decisions about what not to do?
Um, you need good information about which medical interventions work, and how well they work: comparative effectiveness research.
And no, that information isn’t already out there: doctors know surprisingly little about how effective procedures are relative to one another.
Why, then, are Republicans opposed to this kind of research?
Some of it is sheer stupidity and/or anti-intellectualism — hey, those researchers are probably atheistic Democrats, you know.
But you should always remember that the GOP comes to bury Medicare, not to save it.
The favored “solution” on the right is to replace Medicare with vouchers whose value will systematically lag behind medical costs; so it will be up to insurance companies and patients to say no.
There is absolutely no reason to believe that such a system would work; in practice, it would mean denying adequate coverage to all but the affluent.
But that’s not a bug, it’s a feature.
So there’s no real mystery here — except for the mysterious ability of such know-nothings to get medals for fiscal responsibility.
And now for something completely different.
About 15 years ago, before I became a regular columnist, the Times asked me and a bunch of other people to contribute to a special edition celebrating the 100th anniversary of the NYT magazine.
The stated rule was that the pieces should be written as if submitted in 2096, looking back at the magazine’s second century.
As I recall, I was the only contributor who obeyed instructions; everyone else was too concerned about loss of dignity.
Anyway, I decided to write the piece around a conceit: that information technology would end up reducing, not increasing, the demand for highly educated workers, because a lot of what highly educated workers do could actually be replaced by sophisticated information processing — indeed, replaced more easily than a lot of manual labor.
Here’s the piece: I still think it’s a fun read.
So here’s the question: is it starting to happen?
Today’s Times has an interesting and, if you think about it, fairly scary report about how software is replacing the teams of lawyers who used to do document research.
And then there’s Watson, of course, who — which?
— can beat almost everyone except my Congressman at Jeopardy.
Getting a bit more serious, Larry Mishel wrote recently about the overselling of education, pointing out that the college wage premium, after rising sharply in the 80s and 90s, has stagnated lately.
Indeed.
Here’s the ratio of earnings for full-time working men with college degrees versus those with high school, from the Census: Source.
In my mind this raises several questions.
One is whether emphasizing education — even aside from the fact that the big rise in inequality has taken place among the highly educated — is, in effect, fighting the last war.
Another is how we have a decent society if and when even highly educated workers can’t command a middle-class income.
I know, it’s rushing ahead a bit; but remember, the Luddites weren’t the poorest of the poor, they were skilled artisans whose skills had suddenly been devalued by new technology.
The European Central Bank is strongly hinting that it will raise interest rates at its next meeting, in response to rising headline inflation — even though this rise is the result of rising food and oil prices, which are not the results of ECB policy.
Let me try a different take on why this is such a bad idea.
Suppose that we focus on wage rates, which are often seen as the stickiest, most inertia-driven prices.
The eurozone, like the United States, has seen wage growth slump in the face of high unemployment: So what the ECB is saying, in effect, is that Europe should drive down nominal wages — which can only be done by raising the unemployment rate — in order to offset the effect of oil and food on headline inflation.
(Real wages will fall in any case.)
Is this really a policy that the ECB would defend in so many words?
I doubt it.
But however sober and dignified talk of price stability may sound, that’s what the proposed policy amounts to.
Oh, boy — this George Will column (via Grist) is truly bizarre: So why is America’s “win the future” administration so fixated on railroads, a technology that was the future two centuries ago?
Because progressivism’s aim is the modification of (other people’s) behavior.
Forever seeking Archimedean levers for prying the world in directions they prefer, progressives say they embrace high-speed rail for many reasons—to improve the climate, increase competitiveness, enhance national security, reduce congestion, and rationalize land use.
The length of the list of reasons, and the flimsiness of each, points to this conclusion: the real reason for progressives’ passion for trains is their goal of diminishing Americans’ individualism in order to make them more amenable to collectivism.
As Sarah Goodyear at Grist says, trains are a lot more empowering and individualistic than planes — and planes, not cars, are the main alternative to high-speed rail.
And there’s the bit about rail as an antiquated technology; try saying that after riding the Shanghai Maglev.
But anyway, it’s amazing to see Will — who is not a stupid man — embracing the sinister progressives-hate-your-freedom line, more or less right out of Atlas Shrugged; with the extra irony, of course, that John Galt’s significant other ran, well, a railroad.
Oh, boy — this George Will column (via Grist) is truly bizarre: So why is America’s “win the future” administration so fixated on railroads, a technology that was the future two centuries ago?
Because progressivism’s aim is the modification of (other people’s) behavior.
Forever seeking Archimedean levers for prying the world in directions they prefer, progressives say they embrace high-speed rail for many reasons—to improve the climate, increase competitiveness, enhance national security, reduce congestion, and rationalize land use.
The length of the list of reasons, and the flimsiness of each, points to this conclusion: the real reason for progressives’ passion for trains is their goal of diminishing Americans’ individualism in order to make them more amenable to collectivism.
As Sarah Goodyear at Grist says, trains are a lot more empowering and individualistic than planes — and planes, not cars, are the main alternative to high-speed rail.
And there’s the bit about rail as an antiquated technology; try saying that after riding the Shanghai Maglev.
But anyway, it’s amazing to see Will — who is not a stupid man — embracing the sinister progressives-hate-your-freedom line, more or less right out of Atlas Shrugged; with the extra irony, of course, that John Galt’s significant other ran, well, a railroad.
David Cay Johnston has a terrific piece up about the nonsense of comparing government workers to private-sector counterparts by claiming that the government pays for more of their benefits.
As he says, Out of every dollar that funds Wisconsin’ s pension and health insurance plans for state workers, 100 cents comes from the state workers.
How can that be?
Because the “contributions” consist of money that employees chose to take as deferred wages – as pensions when they retire – rather than take immediately in cash.
The same is true with the health care plan.
If this were not so a serious crime would be taking place, the gift of public funds rather than payment for services.
Thus, state workers are not being asked to simply “contribute more” to Wisconsin’ s retirement system (or as the argument goes, “pay their fair share” of retirement costs as do employees in Wisconsin’ s private sector who still have pensions and health insurance).
They are being asked to accept a cut in their salaries so that the state of Wisconsin can use the money to fill the hole left by tax cuts and reduced audits of corporations in Wisconsin.
The labor agreements show that the pension plan money is part of the total negotiated compensation.
The key phrase, in those agreements I read (emphasis added), is: “The Employer shall contribute on behalf of the employee.” This shows that this is just divvying up the total compensation package, so much for cash wages, so much for paid vacations, so much for retirement, etc.
So the right question — the only question — is whether government workers are getting an overall good deal compared with private-sector workers.
Why, then, are we hearing so much about the meaningless contribution comparison?
The answer is simple: it’s because doing the comparison right doesn’t yield the desired answer.
The new report by the Times gets the same answer as other studies: low-paid government workers do a bit better than their private-sector counterparts, but others if anything do worse.
Luo and Cooper report this as a “mixed answer” — but in terms of the political debate, it’s a body blow to the union-bashers, whose whole position is that public-sector workers are welfare queens in Cadillacs.
They need to show outrageous overpayment, not rough equivalence at best.
And so they turn to a meaningless comparison that, to the unwary, sounds as if it supports their case.
Yes, some public-sector workers are overpaid.
So are some private-sector workers.
Doesn’t anyone read Dilbert?
But the whole idea that union excesses are at the core of state and local fiscal problems is false, and only deliberate obfuscation keeps that from being obvious.
One thing I’m hearing and reading from liberal sources is the argument that we can find big savings by ending the war in Afghanistan, and more generally by cutting bloated defense spending.
So, a few words on that issue.
Yes, there’s a lot of wasteful defense spending — in fact, it’s almost surely the most waste-ridden part of the federal budget, because politicians are afraid to say no to anything for fear of being called unpatriotic.
And even aside from the question of the Bush wars, it has long been clear that we’re still spending a lot to head off threats that haven’t existed since the fall of the Soviet Union.
Read Fred Kaplan for a sense of just how bad it is.
Then there are those wars.
I was against Iraq from the beginning — and I was pretty lonely out there on the pages of major newspapers.
Afghanistan made sense in 2002, but I have no idea what we’re doing there now.
But if we’re talking about fiscal issues, you have to bear the arithmetic in mind.
We’re not living in the 1950s, when defense was half the federal budget.
Even a drastic cut in military spending wouldn’t release enough money to offset more than a small fraction of the projected rise in health care costs.
So by all means, let’s try to crack down on the massive waste that goes on in matters military.
But doing so would be of only modest help on the larger budget problem.
Interesting and depressing interview with Charles Plosser, the Fed’s reigning inflation hawk.
What’s striking is that he is completely committed to the view that we’re experiencing structural employment: Mr. Plosser’s answer is unequivocal: This mess was caused by over-investment in housing, and bringing down unemployment will be a gradual process.
“You can’t change the carpenter into a nurse easily, and you can’t change the mortgage broker into a computer expert in a manufacturing plant very easily.
Eventually that stuff will sort itself out.
People will be retrained and they’ll find jobs in other industries.
But monetary policy can’t retrain people.
Monetary policy can’t fix those problems.” It really makes you despair: we’ve been over and over the evidence, and there’s not a hint in the data that a mismatch between occupations and jobs can explain any important fraction of the jobless rate.
But Plosser doesn’t even consider the case that this might not be the story.
Oh, and later he argues that monetary policy should be based on growth rates, not estimates of the output gap; clearly the Fed needed to tighten sharply in 1934:
Cut the fellow behind the tree that’s overseas.
Pew on public fiscal views isn’t really all that surprising, but it’s still striking: people want spending cut, but are opposed to cuts in anything except foreign aid: And they want state governments to balance their budgets without cutting spending or raising taxes: The conclusion is inescapable: Republicans have a mandate to repeal the laws of arithmetic.
I’ve been experimenting with Google Voice, which provides text versions of voice mails on my cell — quite useful.
But not exactly 100% on recognition.
My executive editor at Worth Publishers, which does Krugman/Wells, left a voice mail telling me that some student volunteers and the university president wanted a photo shoot before the Worth cocktail party, which they promised would only take about 5 minutes.
At least that’s what I think he said.
The text version said: Give me a probably about.
5 minutes of photos, just listen student volunteers to the real quick shot with the soon volunteers and probably quick shout with the president, before we head over to the worst cocktail hour.
But they prostate would take no more than than 5 minutes so.
I mentioned recently that the correlation between nominal and real exchange rates is one key piece of evidence that we live in a Keynes-Friedman world of sticky prices, not the classical, perfect flexibility world of real business cycle theorists.
Now that I have a few moments, let me elaborate on that.
In international macro we talk a lot about real exchange rates, which are price-level adjusted rates.
The nominal dollar-euro rate is the number of dollars per euro; the real dollar-euro rate is dollars/euro * European price level / US price level.
So suppose that there were a doubling of prices in America while inflation remained at zero in Europe, but that the dollar lost half its value against the euro.
The real exchange rate, which measures the relative price of US goods, would not change.
If you have a classical view of the world, you would argue that nominal shocks should affect the nominal, not the real exchange rate: the real exchange rate is a real phenomenon, and money is a veil.
Specifically, you’d expect any nominal shock to move the price level by the same amount that they move the exchange rate.
In reality, however, what we normally see is that nominal and real exchange rates are very closely correlated.
Here are changes in the US-German nominal and real exchange rate (computed using consumer prices, and with Deutsche marks before 2000, euros thereafter) since 1951: Now, a classical economist could (and some did) try to explain away this observation by arguing that what’s going on here is that there are real shocks, and that monetary policy was used to stabilize each country’s price level.
But then you run into another problem, highlighted in a classic paper by Mike Mussa (haven’t found the original online, but he summarized the argument here (pdf)).
Mussa pointed out that the behavior of both nominal and real exchange rates changed dramatically when the exchange rate regime changed, becoming vastly more volatile with the end of Bretton Woods.
You can see that in the figure above; here’s one of Mussa’s figures, which highlights it even better because it covers a shorter period of floating rates: You can, if you’re desperate, try to explain this away by saying that there was some fundamental structural change in the early 1970s, but at that point you’re deep into epicycle territory.
And there’s more — for example, Ireland went abruptly from having a stable real exchange rate against the UK to having a stable rate against Germany when it joined the European exchange rate mechanism, etc.. Incidentally, I suspect that this evidence is one reason why international macro people have tended to stay more Keynesian than domestic macro people — why those of us who read Obstfeld and Rogoff knew that Ricardian equivalence didn’t imply ineffectual fiscal policy, while even Nobel laureates on the domestic macro side were getting it wrong.
If you work with international data, the evidence for price stickiness is so overwhelming that it’s hard to stay in denial.
Oh, and to anticipate some comments: saying that wage and price stickiness is clearly there, and that it plays a key role in how we should understand the slump we’re in, does not say that increased wage flexibility is the answer; see this post.
Gavyn Davies has a good post on core inflation, monetary policy, and all that.
He summarizes nicely the thinking behind the Fed’s belief that a one-time surge in commodity prices is not a reason to tighten.
But I’m a bit surprised — not so much about Davies as about the discussion in general — at how little attention is given to the ECB’s Mistake of 2008, which illustrates the trouble with focusing on headline inflation.
For back in July 2008, as the world was sliding into the Great Recession, the ECB actually raised rates.
Why?
Because headline inflation was indeed rising, thanks to the commodity-price surge of 2007-2008.
Here’s headline and core for the eurozone: The ECB still tries to defend its decision — but it clearly was wrong.
I’d like to hope that Trichet & co. remember that, and won’t do it again.
Mark Thoma sends us to Lane Kenworthy on the disconnect between economic growth and median income since 1973: A couple of points here.
First, this figure compares real income with real income — but they’re two different versions of reality.
The rise in prices implied by real GDP numbers is measured by the GDP deflator, while the rise in incomes as calculated by the Census involves dividing by the CPI.
And while those two price measures matched very well pre-1973, since then, not so much: What’s going on here?
It means that we’re either overstating inflation (and hence understating income gains) or overstating economic growth.
Both the BEA (which measures GDP and related) and the BLS (which does consumer prices) work hard and honestly at their tasks; the difference probably arises (I’m sure someone has done this more carefully) in how you value new or improved goods.
My sense has always been that the GDP accounts overdo their hedonics, but that’s very much a matter of opinion.
Maybe the real point here is to remember, always, that economic statistics are a peculiarly boring sub-genre of science fiction; extremely useful, but not to be treated as absolute truth.
Still, statistical issues aren’t the whole story.
Rising inequality has, unambigously, contributed to lagging median income.
You can see this just by comparing the growth in average and median income according to the Census data: And the real divergence is surely bigger: Census data tend to miss growth at the very top end, thanks to top-coding.
So why hasn’t family income tracked rising GDP?
It’s partly about price indexes, partly about plutocrats (i.e., rapidly rising incomes at the top).
It would be nice if the story were cleaner, but that’s life.
Karl Smith argues that informal economic arguments — models in the sense of thought experiments, not necessarily backed by equations and/or data-crunching — deserve more respect from the profession.
I agree, and not just because he cites my use of the baby-sitting coop, described in a wonderful but ignored article by Sweeney and Sweeney, as an example.
I have nothing against mathematical models and econometrics.
But my experience is that many misunderstandings in economics come about because people don’t have in their minds any intuitive notion of what it is they’re supposed to be modeling.
The whole notion of an economy-wide shortfall in demand is just hard to grasp — by famous economists as well as the lay public; quite a lot of our hopeless public debate reflects the fact that many people, some of them imagining themselves to be sophisticated about the issue, just can’t visualize what Keynesian ideas are about.
But the baby-sitting coop offers a human-scale example, and makes the whole thing clear.
There are many other such examples.
Evsey Domar’s simple intuition on the causes of slavery and serfdom changed my whole view of history.
The classic Radford paper on the economics of POW camps is still where I start when thinking about what money is and what it does.
You could argue that modern economics really began with David Hume’s Of the Balance of Trade, whose core is a gloriously clear thought experiment: Suppose four-fifths of all the money in GREAT BRITAIN to be annihilated in one night, and the nation reduced to the same condition, with regard to specie, as in the reigns of the HARRYS and EDWARDS,*45 what would be the consequence?
Must not the price of all labour and commodities sink in proportion, and every thing be sold as cheap as they were in those ages?
What nation could then dispute with us in any foreign market, or pretend to navigate or to sell manufactures at the same price, which to us would afford sufficient profit?
In how little time, therefore, must this bring back the money which we had lost, and raise us to the level of all the neighbouring nations?
Where, after we have arrived, we immediately lose the advantage of the cheapness of labour and commodities; and the farther flowing in of money is stopped by our fulness and repletion.° II.V.10 Again, suppose, that all the money of GREAT BRITAIN were multiplied fivefold in a night, must not the contrary effect follow?
Must not all labour and commodities rise to such an exorbitant height, that no neighbouring nations could afford to buy from us; while their commodities, on the other hand, became comparatively so cheap, that, in spite of all the laws which could be formed, they would be run in upon us, and our money flow out; till we fall to a level with foreigners, and lose that great superiority of riches, which had laid us under such disadvantages?
II.V.11 Now, it is evident, that the same causes, which would correct these exorbitant inequalities, were they to happen miraculously, must prevent their happening in the common course of nature, and must for ever, in all neighbouring nations, preserve money nearly proportionable to the art and industry of each nation.
And Karl Smith is right: no way could Hume have published such a thing in a modern journal.
So yes, simple intuitive stories are important, and deserve more credit.
Scott Sumner sends us to David Glasner, who shows that stock prices have had a positive correlation with expected inflation since 2008, strongly suggesting that aggregate demand is at the heart of our problems.
I really like this kind of argument.
For me, the case for a sticky-price, Keynes-Friedman view of the world rests crucially on some of the correlations one sees in the real world — between real and nominal exchange rates, for example.
And this is a good modern example.
Two small complaints.
One is that Figure 1, cited in the paper, isn’t, you know, actually there.
But I can reproduce it, more or less.
Here’s the S&P 500 versus the 10-year TIPS spread, the difference between 10-year interest rates on ordinary government bonds and inflation-protected bonds: That’s pretty clear: since some time in 2008 the correlation has been awesomely close.
That said, my second complaint: that big drop in the TIPS spread in 2008-2009 wasn’t entirely about inflation expectations.
This was the oh-God-we’re-all-gonna-die period, when everyone rushed into the most liquid securities; TIPS, being not as liquid as the much more widely traded regular bonds, went for a big discount that pushed real yields way up.
So the big drop there isn’t entirely about deflation fears.
The correlation in 2009-10 is the real deal, however.
It’s demand, all the way.
Back when I first tried to explain the logic of focusing on core inflation rather than headline inflation, I emphasized the distinction between goods whose prices fluctuate all the time and those whose prices are revised only occasionally; it’s the latter category that is subject to inflation inertia, and therefore where you have to worry that inflation or deflation can get baked into the economy, and become hard to undo.
The usual measures of core inflation try to get at this distinction by excluding goods — food and energy — that we know are subject to large short-term price fluctuations.
But in theory, we should be dividing goods up by their typical price behavior, regardless of which sector they belong to.
And researchers at the Atlanta and Cleveland Feds have done just that, creating a measure of “sticky price inflation”.
What I somehow missed until now is that these measures are available on a monthly basis, providing a nice alternative picture of inflation trends — plus they offer some additional useful stuff that I’ll get to in a minute.
So here’s what the fixed versus flexible price measures of inflation show over the past 5 years: You can see clearly how erratic the flexible prices are, and why it’s better to base policy on the sticky prices.
As it turns out, the Atlanta Fed also addresses the issue of whether recent disinflation is all about housing prices, by producing a measure of sticky prices ex-shelter; here’s the comparison: No, it’s not just housing.
By the way, one could argue that the quintessential sticky prices are actually wages.
And they tell the same story.
Here’s the BLS employment cost index: Core inflation is low and falling, however you measure it.
Just a quick followup on my kitchen post: some commenters argue that the really transformative change came in the 19th century.
There’s a lot to that.
As it happens, I’m rereading William Cronon’s Nature’s Metropolis: Chicago and the Great West — yes, on my Kindle, which has made a serious improvement in my life.
And everyone with any interest in economics should read his account of the rise of the Chicago Board of Trade.
Railroads changed everything.
It wasn’t just the fact that stuff could be shipped further, faster, cheaper; the railroad also led to the replacement of concrete with abstract forms of ownership (the farmer owned a receipt for a bushel of grain, not a particular sack), standard-setting, futures markets, and on and on.
If you’ve read Marc Levinson’s The Box, about containerization (which you should), it’s startling to see how many of the themes were prefigured by the grain trade, as standard-sized rail cars replaced flatboats, as grain elevators essentially began treating grain as a fluid rather than a solid, as conveyor belts replaced stevedores toting sacks.
Add in the telegraph — the Victorian Internet, as another must-read book puts it — and it was an incredible change.
Tyler Cowen argues that technological change since the early 1960s hasn’t been as transformative for ordinary peoples’ lives as the change that went before.
I agree.
I wrote about that a long time ago, using the example of kitchens: Better yet, think about how a typical middle-class family lives today compared with 40 years ago — and compare those changes with the progress that took place over the previous 40 years.
I happen to be an expert on some of those changes, because I live in a house with a late-50s-vintage kitchen, never remodelled.
The nonself-defrosting refrigerator, and the gas range with its open pilot lights, are pretty depressing (anyone know a good contractor?)
— but when all is said and done it is still a pretty functional kitchen.
The 1957 owners didn’t have a microwave, and we have gone from black and white broadcasts of Sid Caesar to off-color humor on The Comedy Channel, but basically they lived pretty much the way we do.
Now turn the clock back another 39 years, to 1918 — and you are in a world in which a horse-drawn wagon delivered blocks of ice to your icebox, a world not only without TV but without mass media of any kind (regularly scheduled radio entertainment began only in 1920).
And of course back in 1918 nearly half of Americans still lived on farms, most without electricity and many without running water.
By any reasonable standard, the change in how America lived between 1918 and 1957 was immensely greater than the change between 1957 and the present.
Now, you can overstate this case; medical innovations, in particular, have made a huge difference to some peoples’ lives, mine included (I have a form of arthritis that would have crippled me in the 1950s, and in fact almost did 20 years ago until it was properly diagnosed, but barely affects my life now thanks to modern anti-inflammatories.)
But the general sense that the future isn’t what it used to be seems right.
I mentioned a while back that we saw something too big to be a fox behind our house, and learned that there are indeed coyotes in the vicinity.
Well, this afternoon a big Eastern coyote — sort of reddish, and as big as a medium-sized dog, I think — trotted right under my home study window, clearly visible in the snow.
New Jersey, the wild frontier.
Good thing Albert and Doris stay indoors.
Oh, and apologies to Jamie Galbraith.
My old teacher Charles Kindleberger once wrote that the existence of multiple measures of the balance of payments had one great virtue: they allowed observers, by picking and choosing, to be always optimistic or always pessimistic, depending on temperament.
The same thing is happening now with inflation measures.
In particular, by switching back and forth between core and headline inflation, you can manage to find reasons to fear inflation, no matter what.
Which brings me to Jean-Claude Trichet’s latest warnings about inflation.
As the chart above (of 12-month changes) shows, eurozone inflation has behaved a lot like US inflation: low and falling core inflation in the face of a depressed economy, but big swings in headline inflation around that trend with fluctuations in commodity prices.
But Trichet now says that the headline number is the one to watch.
Those of us whose memories stretch back more than a few months can only say, hmmmm.
First of all, if headline inflation is The One, why wasn’t the ECB all worked up about below-target inflation in 2009?
Funny, I don’t recall a lot of speeches about the need for monetary loosening.
Why, it’s almost as if the ECB switches between inflation measures to pick whichever one currently makes the case for tight money (a point Willem Buiter made a while back).
Second, the ECB made exactly the same argument back in 2008, and raised interest rates even as the world was sliding into financial crisis.
One might have expected Trichet to be a bit humbled by that experience.
But I guess not.
The ECB probably won’t tighten just yet.
But it’s clearly gearing up to do the wrong thing as soon as possible.
Sigh.
So it appears that President Obama is going to make “competitiveness” his main economic theme.
To be fair, he could (and may well) do worse.
But this is hackneyed stuff, and involves a fundamental misconception about the nature of our economic problems.
It’s OK to talk about competitiveness when you’re specifically asking whether a country’s exports and import-competing industries have low enough costs to sell stuff in competition with rivals in other countries; measures of relative costs and prices are, in fact, commonly — and unobjectionably — referred to as competitiveness indicators.
But the idea that broader economic performance is about being better than other countries at something or other — that a companycountry is like a corporation –is just wrong.
I wrote about this at length a long time ago, and everything I said then still holds true.
* The hopeful interpretation of Obama’s embrace of the idea that he’s the CEO of America Inc. is that it might help fend off right-wing attacks on government action as a whole, helping him sell the need for public investment of various kinds.
On the other hand, as Robert Reich says, this could all too easily turn into a validation of the claim that what’s good for corporations is good for America, which is even less true now than it used to be.
All in all, it’s kind of sad.
And the less said about Jeffrey Immelt’s vacuous op-ed, the better.
*Side note: the usual suspects are going to look at the opening of this piece and say “Ha!
Krugman used to think that unemployment benefits cause unemployment!
He used to be down on Europe!” So, two points: UI can raise the unemployment rate at which inflation begins to rise — but that’s not our problem now; and over the 17 years since that article was published, a number of European countries have undertaken reforms that substantially improved their job performance.
Just a brief note: one thing that keeps appearing in comments is the notion that because we had a bubble, in which some people were borrowing too much, the economic growth of 2000-2007 wasn’t “real” — that it was all a figment of our imagination.
This is confusing demand with supply.
We really did produce all the goods and services counted in GDP; we were able to do that because we had willing workers, a sufficient capital stock, the right technology, and so on.
What is true is that some of the spending that created demand for those goods and services was debt-financed, and those debtors can’t continue to spend the way they did.
But that doesn’t say that the capacity has somehow ceased to exist; it only says that if we want to keep the capacity in use, someone else has to spend instead.
In other words, past growth wasn’t an illusion, or a fraud; but we need policies to sustain aggregate demand.
And yes, I have a model.
Jean-Claude Trichet is sounding hawkish about inflation again — and this is very bad news for the European periphery.
Let me offer a stylized example to explain why.
So, imagine a eurozone that contains only two countries, Germany and Spain.
And let’s make two assumptions: first, Germany’s economy is three times the size of Spain’s, so that German inflation is 3/4 of the overall index, Spain’s inflation 1/4; second, past events have left Spanish wages and prices 20 percent logarithmic too high relative to Germany.
(Why logarithmic?
So I can just add percentage changes, without having to worry about compounding.)
Now suppose that you want to get relative prices and wages back in line over the course of 5 years.
How can this happen?
Well, one way or another we need to have German inflation 4 points higher than Spanish inflation over that period.
So consider two scenarios: in scenario A, we have 2 percent German inflation and 2 percent Spanish deflation.
This implies an overall eurozone inflation rate of 1 percent.
In scenario B, we have 4 percent German inflation and zero Spanish inflation, implying eurozone inflation of 3 percent.
In a frictionless world, it wouldn’t matter which scenario gets chosen.
But in reality, scenario A, the low-inflation scenario, is vastly worse for Spain — for two reasons.
First, it’s much, much harder to get actual deflation than simply to have stable prices, so scenario A means much higher unemployment.
Second, because Spanish debt is in euros, scenario A implies a significantly worse debt burden.
So what we’re seeing is an ECB catering to German desires for low inflation, very much at the expense of making the problems of peripheral economies much less tractable.
This is going to be ugly.
Update: The pie chart only shows that part of health care paid for by insurance.
The rest is out-of-pocket spending, which happens even in single-payer systems, public health spending, and a grab-bag of other stuff.
Source is here (pdf).
Given that House Republicans are going to pass the Repealing the Job-Killing Health Law Act this week, I thought it might be useful to remind readers about how Obamacare/Romneycare is supposed to work.
Start with the basic point: modern medicine requires that people have health insurance.
Why?
Because in any given year, most people have modest medical expenses – but a minority will have expenses that ordinary families couldn’t possibly pay for out of their current income.
The only way to protect against the risk of such expenses is with insurance.
But the health insurance market for individuals has never worked.
If the market is left loosely regulated, as it is in California, insurance companies devote large resources to determining who really needs health care, so as not to provide it; this both leads to huge administrative costs and leaves anyone with a chronic condition, or in fact anything that hints at possible trouble, out in the cold.
If the state instead imposes community rating, as in New York – that is, if insurers are required to offer the same terms to anyone, regardless of medical history – you get caught in an “adverse selection death spiral”, in which healthy people don’t buy insurance, meaning that rates reflect the expenses of the unhealthy, which drives out even more healthy people, etc..
So what do we do?
One answer is government-provided insurance.
It’s a little-known fact that Medicare, Medicaid, and other government programs like veterans’ care already pay significantly more American medical bills than private insurance: The other answer is employer-based insurance.
This has worked fairly well because of a combination of tax incentives and regulation: employers have an incentive to provide health benefits because they’re not taxed as ordinary income, but to get this tax break they must, roughly speaking, provide the same benefits to all employees, regardless of medical history etc..
But a large and growing percentage of the population is left out – not so much the poor, who are often covered by Medicaid, but rather lower-wage workers who don’t qualify for Medicaid but don’t have the kind of jobs that come with health benefits.
It’s worth noting that even if fully insured, these workers wouldn’t spend all that much more on health care.
That’s partly because they’re relatively young on average; the elderly are on Medicare.
It’s also because they do receive some care, paid for either out of pocket or uncompensated treatment at hospitals etc..
Still, how can coverage be extended to everyone?
One route is single-payer: Medicare for all.
It would be simple, it would be relatively cost-effective, it has everything going for it except political feasibility.
Harry Truman almost pulled it off in 1947, but was defeated by a coalition of the AMA and racists who didn’t want integrated hospitals, and it has never had a chance since – unless, possibly, as the end game of a long process that begins elsewhere.
The other route is the one Mitt Romney took in Massachusetts, and the Democrats took nationally, combining regulation and subsidies to get everyone covered.
The strategy has three parts: – Community rating: insurers must offer the same policies to everyone – Mandates: everyone must buy insurance, so healthy people can’t opt out – Subsidies to lower-income families, so everyone can afford to buy that required insurance All three legs of the stool are essential.
In particular, you can’t manage without the mandate; if healthy people opt out, and especially if they opt back in when they get sick, the death spiral will undo the whole thing.
It’s not really all that complicated.
And as a way of getting everyone insured, it works – several European countries have systems more or less along these lines, and Massachusetts is up to 98 percent coverage.
It’s a bit of a Rube Goldberg device, a sort of indirect way of simulating single-payer.
But it’s better than leaving tens of millions of Americans uninsured – and it also establishes the principle of universal coverage, which one can hope will lead to a better system over time.
In particular, there may yet be a chance – not soon, but eventually — to reintroduce a public option, allowing people to bypass private insurers, and potentially leading in the long run to a simpler system.
Is it affordable?
Again, we already have government insurance for the most expensive clients, the elderly.
Extending coverage to younger people requires some subsidies, but not on a scale that should prove especially difficult to pay for – and Obamacare does, in fact, pay for the expansion of coverage.
So that’s what we have: a workable if imperfect universal health care system, if we can keep it.
I occasionally mention here that recognizing the reality of wage stickiness is a key part of demand-side economics, but I’ve also argued a number of times that cutting wages now would probably make the slump worse, not better.
Is there a contradiction here?
No, there isn’t — but it’s a slightly tricky subject.
There’s a long tradition in macroeconomics, going back to Franco Modigliani in 1944, in which money has real effects precisely because it pushes against sticky nominal wages.
As the late Rudi Dornbusch used to say, it takes two nominals to make a real, and in Modigliani it actually does all come down to M/w.
The way this channel works in standard models, however, is that a rise in the real money supply reduces interest rates, leading to a rise in demand; and a fall in nominal wages for a given money supply would have the same effect.
What happens when you’re in a liquidity trap, with short-term interest rates up against the zero lower bound?
Well, the answer in a simple model is that falling wages and prices can still be expansionary, but only because they reduce current prices relative to expected future prices, and thereby generate expected inflation.
And once you add in debt-constrained players, it’s likely that the effect actually goes the other way: a fall in wages worsens debt problems, and so ends up contractionary.
So does this mean that wage stickiness is irrelevant to the situation, that we’d be experiencing the same slump if wages were perfectly flexible?
Not quite.
Some of us encountered a closely related question back in the late 90s, when thinking about the Asian financial crisis.
It seemed obvious that there were big problems when people had large foreign-currency debt: a depreciation of the rupiah, say, worsened balance sheets by causing the domestic-current value of debt to explode, and was probably contractionary overall.
But this did mean that no amount of depreciation would be expansionary?
No; as I wrote in a little paper at the time, once everyone who could go bankrupt had, any further depreciation would be expansionary.
So a sufficiently large depreciation could restore full employment.
Similarly, you could argue that a sufficiently large fall in wages could restore full employment now — but it would have to be a very large wage decline, and the positive effects would kick in only after deflation had first driven just about every debtor in the economy into bankruptcy.
The point is that making wages somewhat more flexible, as opposed to perfectly flexible, is not a good thing.
And this in turn means that people arguing that what we need right now is more wage flexibility are actually pushing for a policy that would make things worse.
I occasionally mention here that recognizing the reality of wage stickiness is a key part of demand-side economics, but I’ve also argued a number of times that cutting wages now would probably make the slump worse, not better.
Is there a contradiction here?
No, there isn’t — but it’s a slightly tricky subject.
There’s a long tradition in macroeconomics, going back to Franco Modigliani in 1944, in which money has real effects precisely because it pushes against sticky nominal wages.
As the late Rudi Dornbusch used to say, it takes two nominals to make a real, and in Modigliani it actually does all come down to M/w.
The way this channel works in standard models, however, is that a rise in the real money supply reduces interest rates, leading to a rise in demand; and a fall in nominal wages for a given money supply would have the same effect.
What happens when you’re in a liquidity trap, with short-term interest rates up against the zero lower bound?
Well, the answer in a simple model is that falling wages and prices can still be expansionary, but only because they reduce current prices relative to expected future prices, and thereby generate expected inflation.
And once you add in debt-constrained players, it’s likely that the effect actually goes the other way: a fall in wages worsens debt problems, and so ends up contractionary.
So does this mean that wage stickiness is irrelevant to the situation, that we’d be experiencing the same slump if wages were perfectly flexible?
Not quite.
Some of us encountered a closely related question back in the late 90s, when thinking about the Asian financial crisis.
It seemed obvious that there were big problems when people had large foreign-currency debt: a depreciation of the rupiah, say, worsened balance sheets by causing the domestic-current value of debt to explode, and was probably contractionary overall.
But this did mean that no amount of depreciation would be expansionary?
No; as I wrote in a little paper at the time, once everyone who could go bankrupt had, any further depreciation would be expansionary.
So a sufficiently large depreciation could restore full employment.
Similarly, you could argue that a sufficiently large fall in wages could restore full employment now — but it would have to be a very large wage decline, and the positive effects would kick in only after deflation had first driven just about every debtor in the economy into bankruptcy.
The point is that making wages somewhat more flexible, as opposed to perfectly flexible, is not a good thing.
And this in turn means that people arguing that what we need right now is more wage flexibility are actually pushing for a policy that would make things worse.
From my point of view, the current slump is just about what we should have expected given that we had a nasty financial crisis and continue to have a lot of over-leveraged players in the system.
Ken Rogoff once said that the United States is having a “garden-variety severe financial crisis” — indeed, anyone who read Reinhart and Rogoff on the aftermath of crises more or less expected a prolonged period of weak employment.
And I’ve been warning about a protracted liquidity trap, in which even a zero interest rate policy (ZIRP) isn’t enough to raise demand sufficiently, for more than a decade.
And yet a number of economists seem determined to find some kind of supply-side explanation for low employment.
Via Scott Sumner, I see that Tyler Cowen has been suggesting that workers are unemployed because there’s literally nothing they can do — that they have a zero marginal product.
I also gather that this is what the Austrians are saying these days.
So, is ZMP a plausible alternative to ZIRP?
Cowen argues that the fact that GDP has recovered roughly to pre-crisis levels, but employment has not, suggests that the unemployed workers weren’t needed.
But as Sumner points out, there’s such a thing as trend productivity growth; we normally see ever-growing output per worker, so why should we read anything deep into the fact that this trend has continued?
And bear in mind that this always happens in the aftermath of deep recessions.
Here’s what happened under the sainted Ronald Reagan: By mid-1983 real GDP was well above its previous peak, yet employment had barely begun to recover.
Do you really want to argue that there were lots of zero marginal product workers in early 1983, who suddenly developed positive marginal products over the next year?
There are also logical issues.
If workers have a zero marginal product, why don’t wages drop to zero, or at least down to the point where workers are indifferent between working and not working?
(Believe me, they aren’t).
Presumably the answer must be that wages are sticky — but if wages are sticky, we’re into the world where aggregate demand matters.
Finally, if one factor of production has a zero marginal product, other factors must have very high marginal products, and hence be in great demand.
So where are these factors?
Is it capital?
Then why so much overcapacity in almost every line of business?
is it labor with particular skills, or in particular locations?
As Mike Konczal points out, basically everyone’s unemployment rate has doubled, no matter their education level or location.
As I see it, all the efforts to insist that it can’t be aggregate demand amount to a refusal to take yes for an answer.
A further thought inspired by the meditations that led me to today’s column: I think I now understand the otherwise weird resurgence of paleomonetarism in the midst of a prolonged liquidity trap.
It’s not really about analysis, it’s about morality.
You see, if you’re the kind of person who views being taxed to pay for social insurance programs as tyranny, you’re also going to be the kind of person who sees the printing of fiat money by a government-sponsored central bank as confiscation.
You may try to produce evidence about the terrible things that happen under fiat currencies; you may insist that hyperinflation is just around the corner; but ultimately the facts don’t matter, it’s the immorality of activist monetary policy that you hate.
And this is also why politically conservative economists arguing for something like nominal GDP targeting, and pleading with their perceived political allies to stop talking nonsense, are going to be disappointed.
If you’re in the intellectual universe where monetary policy is to be evaluated by results, you’re already out of the true believers’ moral universe.
At a fundamental level, Milton Friedman and John Maynard Keynes are on one side; Ron Paul is on the other.
And it’s not a debate in which evidence really matters.
In my euro article I managed to avoid even using the phrase “optimum currency area”, but as some readers no doubt realized, OCA theory (pdf) is at the heart of the piece.
In the course of writing the article, however, my views shifted at least a bit.
Optimum currency area theory started with Mundell, who emphasized labor mobility.
(It’s ironic that Mundell is sometimes called the “father of the euro”, given the fact that his own model strongly suggested that Europe was not an optimum currency area.)
And my thinking about the subject has tended to follow Mundell’s emphasis.
There are, however, other things to consider.
McKinnon emphasized openness — the share of traded goods in the economy — as a factor in making adjustment easier.
I didn’t say anything about that, partly because my sense is that the share of nontraded goods in value-added is quite large even in very small economies.
And my colleague Peter Kenen emphasized fiscal integration.
So what I found, as I worked on this piece, was that I was getting more into Kenen and less into Mundell.
On one side, European labor mobility, although not up to US levels, has clearly risen.
On the other, this crisis has manifested itself in large though not exclusive part as a fiscal shock, which makes the Kenen approach especially relevant.
Some readers have pointed out that there are fiscal transfesr within Europe, via cohesion funds and the Common Agricultural Policy.
Yes, but they’re trivial compared with interstate transfers in the US.
One thing about my conclusion that Kenen > Mundell, at least for Europe, is that it suggests that making the euro work is more feasible than I used to think.
True American-style labor market integration isn’t possible unless you have a common European language, and jokes about Germanized English aside, that’s not going to happen.
But more fiscal integration could.
We’ll just have to wait and see.
A number of comments, both here and on my euro article, focus a lot, one way or another, on the respective roles of the euro and the dollar as international currencies; some of the comments drop dark hints about US plots to derail the euro, or petrodollars, or whatever.
Really, it’s not a big deal, as I wrote way back when (2003, I think).
There are some advantages to having a reserve currency, but they’re really not large.
And they certainly aren’t at the heart of the issues now creating so much trouble in Europe.
Oh, and by the way, the dollar/euro exchange rate isn’t relevant at all; a strong currency doesn’t imply a strong economy, and may often imply the opposite.
My old teacher Charles Kindleberger used to say, “Anyone who spends too much time thinking about international money goes mad” — by which he meant that you start to believe subjects like the world’s choice of reserve currency aren’t just interesting and glamorous, but are what drives everything.
They don’t.
So when I see various people trying to make sense of euro issues — or of US attitudes toward the euro — by invoking the struggle over who has the world’s premier currency, all I can think is that what we’re seeing here is a case of the blind men and the irrelevant.
Catherine Rampell has a very nice piece about why the objectively rich feel poor, although Brad DeLong is right, a log-income chart is better: I’d like to elaborate a bit here.
What Rampell has in mind is a vision of society as being something like a long street running up a hill, in which rising altitude goes along with rising income.
And each person along that street evaluates himself or herself relative to the neighbors on either side, rather than the whole street.
Now, there are two slightly different interpretations of this story.
What Rampell seems to suggest is that people compare themselves only to their uphill neighbors — and since the hill gets steeper as you move up the street, the rich feel worse because the guy to the right is increasingly different from themselves.
An alternative is that people compare themselves to neighbors on both sides, but it’s the convexity that changes: if you’re in the middle of the income distribution, your uphill neighbor is about as much richer than you than your downhill neighbor is poorer, but in the upper reaches that’s no longer true.
(I was taught, long ago, that the income distribution is more or less lognormal for most of its range, but turns Pareto at the upper tail.
If you have no idea what I’m talking about, never mind.)
Either way, what’s true is that the gap between the rich and the superrich has grown dramatically.
Here’s the Piketty-Saez data showing the top 1 percent pulling away from the next 4; the same thing is happening for the top 0.1 versus the losers who are in the 99.0-99.9 range, and so on: The net result is a society of winners as whiners, where people who are not only doing fine but doing much better relative to the median than they were a generation ago nonetheless feel left behind.
A personal note: I’ve always found extreme inequality at the top rather relaxing from my own point of view.
Robin and I are doing very well, of course, but others are much richer; the fact, however, is that especially in New York you know that no matter how much you make, there are other people making so much that your earnings look trivial.
So what’s the point of evaluating yourself that way?
Of course, it’s probably a lot easier to feel that way when you’ve gotten plenty of other ego-boosters.
Dave Altig at the Atlanta Fed weighs in on Martin Feldstein’s much-quoted paper arguing that the United States and China will soon reduce or eliminate their current account imbalances.
I think it’s worth saying a bit more about this, because there’s a common fallacy here — not one Feldstein has fallen into, but which many others do.
And talking about that fallacy is also a way to see why current yuan policy is a problem for the world.
So, start with the basic accounting rule, which says that a trade deficit means that a country is spending more than it earns.
What Feldstein is saying is that with US consumers starting to save more, and possibly with Chinese consumers starting to save less, these underlying imbalances may be en route to dwindling or even disappearing.
Not so sure about Chinese saving, but given that premise, OK.
The fallacy comes in when you say, “Well, given that it’s all about spending imbalances, exchange rate policy has nothing to do with it.” This is what John Williamson of the Institute for International Economics once dubbed the Doctrine of Immaculate Transfer.
(Uh-oh, Erick Erickson’s gonna come after me …) It’s a popular fallacy, especially at the WSJ, although I’m not sure if it rises to zombie status.
Anyway, imagine for simplicity that America and China are the only two countries in the world.
And imagine that as consumer habits change, American spending falls by $400 billion while Chinese spending rises by $400 billion.
Trade imbalance gone, right?
No, it’s not that easy.
If US residents cut spending by $400 billion, most of that reduction — say 75 percent — will come in reduced spending on US-produced goods and services (even that Chinese pair of pajamas you buy at WalMart has a lot of US value-added in distribution and retailing.)
So that’s $300 billion in reduced demand for US output.
Meanwhile, a much smaller fraction — say 15 percent — of that extra Chinese spending will fall on US goods.
So we’re talking about, say, a $240 billion net fall in spending on US goods and services; correspondingly, we’re talking about a $240 billion rise in demand for Chinese goods and services.
If that’s the end of the story, then the spending shift produces a depressed economy in America and major inflationary pressures in China.
What’s needed to make it come out right is something to make both American and Chinese consumers switch some of their spending toward American goods — something like a rise in the dollar value of the yuan, which makes Chinese goods relatively more expensive.
So the redistribution of world spending and exchange rate adjustment are complements, not substitutes.
Now, what matters is the relative price of Chinese and American goods, so there’s another way to get there — a combination of inflation in China and deflation in America.
But that’s unpleasant on both sides.
Worse, what if China tries to head off inflation by raising interest rates while America can’t reduce rates, since it’s already at the zero lower bound?
Then the result is contractionary for the world as a whole.
Any resemblance between this story and actual characters is, of course, entirely intentional.
The point is that Feldstein’s argument, if correct — I’m not entirely sure about that — is actually an argument for yuan revaluation, not an argument that it won’t be necessary.
Mark Thoma directs me to Eric Schoeneberg, who argues that the right is winning economic debates because people believe, wrongly, that there’s something inherently moral about free-market outcomes.
My guess is that this is only part of the story; there’s more than a bit of Ayn Randism on the right, but there’s also the appeal of simplicity: goldbuggism is intellectually easy, Keynesianism is intellectually hard, as evidenced by the inability of many trained economists to get it.
Still, Schoeneberg is right about the tendency to ascribe moral value to market values, and the need for a counter-narrative.
I’m going to think about that; but right now, let me describe how I see the US income distribution in terms of justice or the lack thereof.
The first thing one should say is that our system does reward hard work, up to a point.
Other things equal, those who put more in will earn more.
But a lot of other things are, in fact, not remotely equal.
These days, America is the advanced nation with the least social mobility (pdf), except possibly for Britain.
Access to good schools, good health care, and job opportunities depends on lot on choosing the right parents.
So when you hear conservatives talk about how our goal should be equality of opportunity, not equality of outcomes, your first response should be that if they really believe in equality of opportunity, they must be in favor of radical changes in American society.
For our society does not, in fact, produce anything like equal opportunity (in part because it produces such unequal outcomes).
Tell me how you’re going to produce a huge improvement in the quality of public schools, how you’re going to provide universal health care (for parents as well as children, because parents in bad health affect childrens’ prospects), and then come back to me about the equal chances at the starting line thing.
Now, inequality of opportunity is only one reason for the inequality in outcomes we actually see.
But of what remains, how much reflects individual effort, how much reflects talent, and how much sheer luck?
No reasonable person would deny that there’s a lot of luck involved.
Wall Street titans are, no doubt, smart guys (although talking to some of them, you have to wonder …), but there are surely equally smart guys who for whatever reason never got a chance to grab the 9-figure brass ring.
So economics is not a morality play; the social and economic order we have doesn’t represent the playing out of some kind of deep moral principles.
That doesn’t mean the order we have should be overthrown: the pursuit of Utopia, of perfect economic justice, has proved to be the road to hell, while welfare-state capitalism — a market economy with its rough edges smoothed by a strong safety net — has produced the most decent societies ever known.
The point, though, is that anyone who claims that transferring some income from the most fortunate members of society to the least is a vile injustice is closing his eyes to the obvious reality of how the world works.
Greg Ip is too kind in this article, in which he questions why Paul Ryan should have received an award for fiscal responsibility.
Ip makes it out as if Ryan is a former good guy who has fallen astray; but there was never any reason to take his claims of being a deficit hawk seriously.
In particular, why would anyone consider a plan to replace Medicare fee-for-service with vouchers an effective way to curb future expenses?
We’ve already done that: it’s called Medicare Advantage.
And it has been a fiscal disaster: instead of unleashing the magic of the marketplace to reduce costs, it has ended up being a serious drain on the budget.
(Undoing that drain is one of the main cost-savings features of health reform).
Now, Ryan created apparent savings by coupling a plan for vouchers with an arbitrary limit on the size of these vouchers.
Hey, I can write down a plan like that, too.
But what happens when it turns out that the vouchers aren’t enough to buy adequate insurance?
The point is that it takes more to be serious about deficits than to scribble down some numbers and claim that you’re being tough.
Tell me what you’re actually going to cut and/or how you’re going to raise more revenue, and then let’s talk.
This award basically ended up demonstrating that the various groups behind the award are themselves deeply unserious, more interested in posturing than in real policy.
More than 10 years have passed since I wrote this: If a presidential candidate were to declare that the earth is flat, you would be sure to see a news analysis under the headline ”Shape of the Planet: Both Sides Have a Point.” After all, the earth isn’t perfectly spherical.
And it’s still true.
Today we have an article entitled In Battle Over Health Law, Math Cuts Both Ways.
So what’s the math that cuts in the Republicans’ favor?
Well, they complain that the projections omitted $115 billion in spending required to administer the law as well as $208 billion needed to prevent scheduled reductions in Medicare payments to doctors.
Ahem.
The great bulk of that administrative spending would happen whether or not the health law goes into effect; and all of the “doc fix” will happen regardless of the health reform.
Both of these complaints have been hashed over at length, being thoroughly refuted; these are zombie lies.
But you’d never know that from the reporting.
It’s worth actually reading the House Republican attack on the CBO’s health reform estimates, just to get a sense of the utter, deliberate fraudulence of the whole thing.
Here’s the key picture: So, let’s look at the pieces of the adjustments that allegedly turn a deficit-reducing policy into a deficit-increasing policy.
1.
The doc fix: this is childish stuff, blaming the health reform for costs that will happen whether or not the reform happens.
2.
Alleged “double-counting” of Medicare savings; actually, there’s no double-counting involved.
Savings are savings.
It’s true that some people have spoken loosely as if the gains to the Medicare trust fund and the reduction in the deficit are separate and additive, but the CBO never has, and all of that is irrelevant to the 10-year estimate.
3.
“Appropriations” — that’s administrative costs, of which the great bulk would be incurred even without the bill.
4.
Social Security taxes — I think they mean Medicare, but anyway, additional tax revenue does reduce the deficit, regardless of what trust fund it’s allocated to.
5.
CLASS Act: this will reduce the deficit over the next 10 years, but will have some long-run costs.
But if you’re going to talk long run, you should do it everywhere – and health reform gets better, not worse, over time.
In fact, the main reason repeal costs more than the original estimate of savings is that moving the window forward a year makes the benefits of reform bigger.
So, of the five claimed “gimmicks”, three are nothing of the kind — GOP claims are fraud, pure and simple.
Of the other two, one (appropriations) is mostly fraud, the other involves tricky play with time horizons.
And all of it is dressed up with out-of-context quotes from various people.
I know I should be accustomed to this sort of thing by now, but it’s still something to behold.
Eventually.
Of course, if you don’t read it you’ll eventually die, too.
So, would it make sense to consider the fact of your eventual mortality a cost of reading this blog post?
Everyone who thinks so, raise your hands.
And yet, Republicans are applying exactly the same logic to health care reform.
They’re insisting that the cost of the “doc fix” — the routine increases in Medicare fees that are necessary to avoid making it impossible to get doctors to cover patients — should be counted as part of the cost of the Affordable Care Act.
That’s even though the doc fix would have been equally necessary if the Act had never passed.
And yes, we’ve been through this many times.
Another day, another zombie lie attacks our brains.
I wish I could work up some more outrage about the willingness of Republicans to simply ignore the CBO’s verdict that repealing the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare, aka Romneycare, would increase the budget deficit.
But anyone who had been following the politics here, not just this year, but for the past 15 years at least knew this was coming.
The only lingering surprise I can muster is at the sheer tackiness of the bill’s title.
The Repealing the Job-Killing Health Care Law Act?
Really?
Have they, at long last, no sense of shame?
The road to the euro began with coal and steel.
Here’s Robert Schuman, the French foreign minister, in 1950, proposing the creation of the European Coal and Steel Community: Europe will not be made all at once, or according to a single plan.
It will be built through concrete achievements which first create a de facto solidarity.
The coming together of the nations of Europe requires the elimination of the age-old opposition of France and Germany.
Any action taken must in the first place concern these two countries.
With this aim in view, the French Government proposes that action be taken immediately on one limited but decisive point.
It proposes that Franco-German production of coal and steel as a whole be placed under a common High Authority, within the framework of an organization open to the participation of the other countries of Europe.
The pooling of coal and steel production should immediately provide for the setting up of common foundations for economic development as a first step in the federation of Europe, and will change the destinies of those regions which have long been devoted to the manufacture of munitions of war, of which they have been the most constant victims.
The solidarity in production thus established will make it plain that any war between France and Germany becomes not merely unthinkable, but materially impossible.
The setting up of this powerful productive unit, open to all countries willing to take part and bound ultimately to provide all the member countries with the basic elements of industrial production on the same terms, will lay a true foundation for their economic unification.
It’s all there.
Economic integration is supposed to serve a dual purpose: development, but also the creation of “de facto solidarity”, leading over time to a “European federation” — which is necessary because of the continent’s history of war.
Unfortunately, the euro — unlike the coal and steel pact, the Common Market, the Eurosausage, and all that — was a questionable idea in terms of the underlying economics.
And so the long European project is in trouble …
There must be a way to construct a word for this out of Greek roots; something like kleptocracy, but meaning rule by ridiculous people instead.
But it’s all Greek to me.
Anyway, a couple of stories today.
1.
Wall Street executives in a complete snit about Obama: he bailed them out with no strings, he’s leaving their bonuses intact, but he doesn’t always invite them to White House events.
Who thought that “Ma, he’s looking at me funny!” would become a crucial campaign slogan?
2.
Paul Ryan requires that his staffers read Atlas Shrugged.
I mean, I was inspired by Isaac Asimov, but I don’t think I’m Hari Seldon — whereas Ryan, it seems, really does think he’s John Galt.Time to bring out the classic quote: There are two novels that can change a bookish fourteen-year old’s life: The Lord of the Rings and Atlas Shrugged.
One is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes, leading to an emotionally stunted, socially crippled adulthood, unable to deal with the real world.
The other, of course, involves orcs.
Future historians will giggle at our expense.
I see that my various posts on government employment have brought out a variety of complaints — OK, there was a temporary spike from the Census that’s being misused, but isn’t there an upward trend, isn’t that a bad thing, etc..
So, a few points.
First, what we’ve seen under Obama is a small rise in federal employment, swamped by a larger fall in state and local employment — reflecting the budget woes of the states, and the inadequacy of federal aid in the slump.
So you see a small rise if you look only at the feds, but a decline if you look at the overall picture.
Second, most government workers are at the local level, and most of the rest are state workers; the federal government is a small piece of the total.
And if you look at what they do, a lot of them are teachers; many of the rest are firefighters, police, and other occupations we sort of like.
Third, why has government employment grown over time?
Because, um, we have a growing population.
Here’s government employment as a share of the population: Yes, government got bigger under those socialists Dwight Eisenhower, LBJ, and Nixon.
Since then, however, there has been no trend relative to population.
And bear in mind, again, that the representative government employee isn’t a bureaucrat trampling on your liberty; he or she is a schoolteacher.
When you get deeper into the details, you find other stories; thanks to one of my commenters for pointing to Mike Konczal’s dissection of claims that there has been a huge increase in the number of regulators; it turns out that essentially all of the increase reflects the growth of Homeland Security.
So those are the facts — not that they matter.
While doing research for today’s column, I more or less by accident came across the trail that explains how a zombie lie gets into the discourse, and stays there.
If you read what right-wingers say about the economy — and even alleged moderate conservatives, like Tim Pawlenty — you see, over and over again, the assertion that under Obama, government employment has risen sharply even as private employment has fallen.
And you even get numbers, like Pawlenty’s assertion that 590,000 public sector jobs have been added.
Yet the data say otherwise.
What’s going on?
Well, the answer turns out to be that during the summer, a number of the usual suspects made assertions of a big increase in government employment; here’s a sample.
And as of the summer, there were in fact substantially more government employees than there had been in early 2009.
Why?
The Census, which temporarily employed a lot of people, as it does every decade.
Here’s a chart of government employment back to 1999: Now, the people writing these eek-government-employment-is-soaring pieces have to have known about that; and they certainly have to know now that the Census bulge is gone, and government employment is actually down.
But they don’t say any of that — they exploited the temporary bulge to make a false claim, and have gone mum since.
So all that people who live in the intellectually hermetic world of the right ever hear is that government employment is soaring.
And I’m sure that they’ll keep on believing that, for years to come.
Oh, my: I missed this, but ran across it when doing some research: Ireland stands as a shining example of the art of the possible in long-term economic policymaking.
George Osborne, 2006 It’s also worth noting that Osborne’s push for austerity now was based, to an important extent, on the widespread belief among conservative commentators that Irish austerity was a smashing success story.
I guess the special relationship remains: in Britain as in America, what we see politically is the survival of the wrongest.
There’s a lot to be said about the right-wing attack on the Fed, none of it good.
But I’d like to highlight one aspect of this discussion that has been striking me: the conservative focus on the evils of increasing the money supply.
You hear it all the time: the Fed is printing money!
Danger, Will Robinson!
In some comments on this blog I see assertions that the true measure of inflation isn’t prices, it’s what happens to the quantity of money.
Now, one thing you might immediately say is that for those who care about, know, actually buying things — you can’t eat money — it’s prices of goods that matter; and for the past three decades, as shown above, there has been remarkably little relationship between the standard monetary aggregates and the inflation rate.
But here’s an even more basic question: what is money, anyway?
It’s not a new question, but I think it has become even more pressing in recent years.
Surely we don’t mean to identify money with pieces of green paper bearing portraits of dead presidents.
Even Milton Friedman rejected that, more than half a century ago.
For one thing, a lot of those pieces of green paper are pretty much inert — sitting outside the United States, in the hoards of drug dealers and such.
For another, checking accounts are clearly a close substitute for cash in hand.
Friedman and Schwartz dealt with this by proposing broader aggregates –M1, which adds checking accounts, and M2, which adds a broader range of deposits.
And circa 1960 you could argue that those aggregates were good enough.
But now we have a large shadow banking system, in which things like repo serve much the same function as deposits; M3 used to capture some of that, but the Fed discontinued it, in part I think because it wasn’t clear which repo belonged there, and data on repo not involving primary dealers is scattered.
Whatever.
The truth is that these days — with credit cards, electronic money, repo, and more all serving the purpose of medium of exchange — it’s not clear that any single number deserves to be called “the” money supply.
Intellectually, this isn’t a problem; nor is there necessarily a problem maintaining monetary policy even if there isn’t any single thing you’re willing to call money.
Mike Woodford has been writing about this stuff for years.
But if you’re determined to view economic affairs through a sort of paleo-monetarist lens, focused on the evils of “printing money”, you’re going to have a hard time in the modern world, where the definition of money is increasingly vague.
It’s not often that I get a chance to accuse Charlie Stross of being stuck in the past, so I should take it — especially because it’s a way to avoid (a) commenting more on the tax debacle and (b) finishing the redraft of the monetary policy chapter in Krugman/Wells 3rd edition (how the heck do we get quantitative easing in without totally muddying everything else?)
So: for those who don’t know, Stross is a spectacularly good contemporary science-fiction author, brimming with ideas, who also has a stimulating blog, where his latest entry asks why things are so messed up.
His proposed answer is that we’ve been invaded by alien organisms — namely, corporations: Corporations do not share our priorities.
They are hive organisms constructed out of teeming workers who join or leave the collective: those who participate within it subordinate their goals to that of the collective, which pursues the three corporate objectives of growth, profitability, and pain avoidance.
(The sources of pain a corporate organism seeks to avoid are lawsuits, prosecution, and a drop in shareholder value.)
Corporations have a mean life expectancy of around 30 years, but are potentially immortal; they live only in the present, having little regard for past or (thanks to short term accounting regulations) the deep future: and they generally exhibit a sociopathic lack of empathy.
I like it; it’s fun (although William Gibson said much the same thing, I think); but it’s so 1960s, if you know what I mean.
No, really.
There was a time, back when John Kenneth Galbraith was writing The New Industrial State and all that, when the notion of the soulless corporation transcending individual will was big stuff.
But much of what JKG wrote then if anything evokes nostalgia now.
There’s a fairly extensive section of The New Industrial State explaining why abuse of corporate position for personal gain was no longer an issue, with “the rise of the technocracy with its new professional attitudes and its widely diffused power acting as a safeguard against individual avarice or larceny.” That was then.
These days, we’re living in the world of the imperial, very self-interested individual; the man in the gray flannel suit has been replaced by the man in the very expensive Armani suit.
Look at the protagonists in the global financial meltdown, and you won’t see faceless corporations subverting individual will; you’ll see avaricious individuals exploiting corporate forms to enrich themselves, often bringing the corporations down in the process.
Lehman, AIG, Anglo-Irish, etc.
were not cases of immortal hive-minds at work; they were cases of kleptocrats run wild.
And when it comes to the subversion of the political process — yes, there are faceless corporations in the mix, but the really dastardly players have names and large individual fortunes; Koch brothers, anyone?
If you ask how it’s possible that a handful of bad actors can get their way so often, the answer has to be, wasn’t it ever thus?
What we call civilization has usually been a form of kleptocracy, varying mainly in its efficiency (the Romans were no nicer than the barbarians, just more orderly).
Yes, we’ve had a few generations of government somewhat of, by, for the people in some places — but that’s an outlier in the broader sweep of things.
So never mind the hive-minds; good old greed still rules.
Mark Zandi of Moody’s has released his estimate of the effect of the tax-cut deal; it shows a fairly big boost to growth in 2011, with most of that boost given back in 2012.
My guess is that the actual numbers will be smaller: I suspect that Zandi’s multipliers assume that more of the payroll tax cut would be spent than is likely to be the case, and I have severe doubts about whether the business tax cut would do anything noticeable.
More about the implications of these estimates in my next post.
First, though, I want to point to something about the way Zandi discusses the outlook.
While the numbers say that you get a temporary boost, Zandi says something quite different: The stimulus was never intended to power economic growth over the long term; rather, it was designed to jump-start the recovery, and did so.
The intent of additional stimulus in 2011 would be to ensure the recovery evolves into a self-sustaining expansion, with enough job growth to generate the income and consumer spending gains needed to convince businesses to hire even more.
The economy is not there yet, but additional stimulus would get it there.
Uh-oh — it’s the jump-start metaphor (which used to be the pump-priming metaphor, back when Americans still knew what that meant.)
It’s a bad metaphor, I’d argue — because it leads people to downplay the problems that arise when temporary stimulus fades away.
More than a year ago, I warned that the spate of relatively good growth news occurring then was only reassuring if you believed that the economic engine had caught, so that we didn’t need to worry about what would happen as stimulus faded away.
The problem was that there was no good reason to believe that.
As I have since tried to point out more formally in my work with Gauti Eggertsson, the best interpretation of our current difficulties is that we’re suffering from a deleveraging shock, and that the economy will need support until over-leveraged players have had time to work down their debt.
That logic implies that you need a tow, not a jump-start; the economy is going to need help for an extended period of time.
This has big, uncomfortable implications for the Obama-McConnell deal.
More in another post.
So the tax deal is out.
Obama extracted some concessions, with the big surprise being a payroll tax cut.
How much better do these concessions make the thing?
Well, for starters we have the two-year extension of the Bush tax cuts.
As I pointed out yesterday, the CBO estimated that such an extension would reduce unemployment relative to what it would have been otherwise by 0.1 to 0.3 percentage points in 2011, twice that in 2012.
To this, the deal added $120 billion in a payroll tax cut; $56 billion in extended unemployment benefits; about $40 billion in extension of other tax credit.
Also, expensing of business investment.
I’d discount the last item: we’re awash in excess capacity, and likely to stay that way for years, so I don’t expect business investment to be noticeably affected by tax breaks that give an incentive to move spending up in time.
The rest is about $220 billion, or about 0.75 percent of GDP over the two-year period.
What’s the multiplier on that?
Pretty high on UI, which will get spent; less on the rest.
Overall, probably less than 1.
So let’s say that this raises GDP by 0.7 percent relative to otherwise; rule of thumb is that one point on GDP is half a point on unemployment, so add 0.35 points to the CBO numbers.
That’s a two-year average; what about timing?
Both the payroll tax break and the unemployment extension are for the first year only.
So, a bigger boost next year, fading out in 2012.
Since all the evidence says that elections depend on the rate of change of unemployment, not its level, this is actually bad news for Obama: he’s setting himself up for an economic stall in the months leading into the 2012 election.
Oh, and he’s overpromising again: “It’s not perfect, but this compromise is an essential step on the road to recovery,” Mr. Obama said.
“It will stop middle-class taxes from going up.
It will spur our private sector to create millions of new jobs, and add momentum that our economy badly needs.” Millions of new jobs?
Millions?
Not by my arithmetic.
So, was this worth it?
I’d still say no, although it’s better than what I expected over the weekend.
It still greatly increases the chances of the Bush tax cuts being made permanent — especially because the front-loading of the stimulative stuff actually worsens Obama’s 2012 electoral prospects.
Overall, enough sweetener has been added to diminish, but not eliminate, the bitterness of the disappointment.
Good piece in the Times about the advantages Poland is deriving from not having adopted the euro (yet): The floating zloty, which has fallen about 18 percent against the euro since early 2009, acted as a pressure release valve, helping to keep Polish products competitive on world markets and insulating Poland from the effects of the sovereign debt crisis.
Poland has proved itself to be Europe’s most dogged economy during the last two years.
It was the only member of the European Union to avoid recession, soldiering on even after a plane crash in April killed much of the political elite, including the president and the central bank governor.
No banks needed to be rescued.
You want to think about just how hard it would be to cut wages 18 percent, as opposed to achieving it automatically via depreciation.
This WSJ article about economists in search of a model takes it as given that all our models have failed completely in the crisis — which is a gross exaggeration.
It’s true that if you bought completely into rational-expectations macroeconomics, the crisis in the economy should be causing a crisis in your faith — although as far as I can tell, the freshwater types remain smugly convinced of their rightness.
But those of us who hadn’t forgotten Keynes, who paid attention to things like Japan’s lost decade and developing-country financial crises, aren’t feeling all that at sea.
More specifically, we knew all about liquidity traps, and had at least thought about balance-sheet crises, a decade ago.
Remember, I wrote the first edition of The Return of Depression Economics in 1999.
The world we’re now in isn’t that different from the world I suspected, back then, we’d find ourselves in.
Oh, and about RogerDoyne Farmer (sorry, Roger!
)and Santa Fe and complexity and all that: I was one of the people who got all excited about the possibility of getting somewhere with very detailed agent-based models — but that was 20 years ago.
And after all this time, it’s all still manifestos and promises of great things one of these days.
Brad DeLong writes of how our perception of history has changed in the wake of the Great Recession.
We used to pity our grandfathers, who lacked both the knowledge and the compassion to fight the Great Depression effectively; now we see ourselves repeating all the old mistakes.
I share his sentiments.
But watching the failure of policy over the past three years, I find myself believing, more and more, that this failure has deep roots – that we were in some sense doomed to go through this.
Specifically, I now suspect that the kind of moderate economic policy regime Brad and I both support – a regime that by and large lets markets work, but in which the government is ready both to rein in excesses and fight slumps – is inherently unstable.
It’s something that can last for a generation or so, but not much longer.
By “unstable” I don’t just mean Minsky-type financial instability, although that’s part of it.
Equally crucial are the regime’s intellectual and political instability.
Intellectual instability The brand of economics I use in my daily work – the brand that I still consider by far the most reasonable approach out there – was largely established by Paul Samuelson back in 1948, when he published the first edition of his classic textbook.
It’s an approach that combines the grand tradition of microeconomics, with its emphasis on how the invisible hand leads to generally desirable outcomes, with Keynesian macroeconomics, which emphasizes the way the economy can develop magneto trouble, requiring policy intervention.
In the Samuelsonian synthesis, one must count on the government to ensure more or less full employment; only once that can be taken as given do the usual virtues of free markets come to the fore.
It’s a deeply reasonable approach – but it’s also intellectually unstable.
For it requires some strategic inconsistency in how you think about the economy.
When you’re doing micro, you assume rational individuals and rapidly clearing markets; when you’re doing macro, frictions and ad hoc behavioral assumptions are essential.
So what?
Inconsistency in the pursuit of useful guidance is no vice.
The map is not the territory, and it’s OK to use different kinds of maps depending on what you’re trying to accomplish: if you’re driving, a road map suffices, if you’re going hiking, you really need a topo.
But economists were bound to push at the dividing line between micro and macro – which in practice has meant trying to make macro more like micro, basing more and more of it on optimization and market-clearing.
And if the attempts to provide “microfoundations” fell short?
Well, given human propensities, plus the law of diminishing disciples, it was probably inevitable that a substantial part of the economics profession would simply assume away the realities of the business cycle, because they didn’t fit the models.
The result was what I’ve called the Dark Age of macroeconomics, in which large numbers of economists literally knew nothing of the hard-won insights of the 30s and 40s – and, of course, went into spasms of rage when their ignorance was pointed out.
Political instability It’s possible to be both a conservative and a Keynesian; after all, Keynes himself described his work as “moderately conservative in its implications.” But in practice, conservatives have always tended to view the assertion that government has any useful role in the economy as the thin edge of a socialist wedge.
When William Buckley wrote God and Man at Yale, one of his key complaints was that the Yale faculty taught – horrors!
– Keynesian economics.
I’ve always considered monetarism to be, in effect, an attempt to assuage conservative political prejudices without denying macroeconomic realities.
What Friedman was saying was, in effect, yes, we need policy to stabilize the economy – but we can make that policy technical and largely mechanical, we can cordon it off from everything else.
Just tell the central bank to stabilize M2, and aside from that, let freedom ring!
When monetarism failed – fighting words, but you know, it really did — it was replaced by the cult of the independent central bank.
Put a bunch of bankerly men in charge of the monetary base, insulate them from political pressure, and let them deal with the business cycle; meanwhile, everything else can be conducted on free-market principles.
And this worked for a while – roughly speaking from 1985 to 2007, the era of the Great Moderation.
It worked in part because the political insulation of central banks also gave them more than a bit of intellectual insulation, too.
If we’re living in a Dark Age of macroeconomics, central banks have been its monasteries, hoarding and studying the ancient texts lost to the rest of the world.
Even as the real business cycle people took over the professional journals, to the point where it became very hard to publish models in which monetary policy, let alone fiscal policy, matters, the research departments of the Fed system continued to study counter-cyclical policy in a relatively realistic way.
But this, too, was unstable.
For one thing, there was bound to be a shock, sooner or later, too big for the central bankers to handle without help from broader fiscal policy.
Also, sooner or later the barbarians were going to go after the monasteries too; and as the current furor over quantitative easing shows, the invading hordes have arrived.
Financial instability Last but not least, the very success of central-bank-led stabilization, combined with financial deregulation – itself a by-product of the revival of free-market fundamentalism – set the stage for a crisis too big for the central bankers to handle.
This is Minskyism: the long period of relative stability led to greater risk-taking, greater leverage, and, finally, a huge deleveraging shock.
And Milton Friedman was wrong: in the face of a really big shock, which pushes the economy into a liquidity trap, the central bank can’t prevent a depression.
And by the time that big shock arrived, the descent into an intellectual Dark Age combined with the rejection of policy activism on political grounds had left us unable to agree on a wider response.
In the end, then, the era of the Samuelsonian synthesis was, I fear, doomed to come to a nasty end.
And the result is the wreckage we see all around us.
Back in early 2009, it was supposed to be gallows humor: What’s the difference between Iceland and Ireland?
Answer: One letter and about six months.
Almost two years on, the joke is on the jokers: despite epic irresponsibility on the part of its bankers, on a scale that makes Irish bankers look like Jimmy Stewart, at this point Iceland actually looks a bit better than Ireland.
I wrote about the surprising resilience of Iceland a while back.
Since then, Ireland has had a bit of growth, while Iceland had a modest setback in the first half of 2010 (partly thanks to the volcano).
Using Eurostat data, we now have this: Slightly worse (but within measurement error) GDP performance in Iceland, but substantially less bad employment performance.
And don’t get me started on Latvia and Estonia.
The IMF’s latest report on Iceland is remarkably chipper: Under the recovery program, Iceland’s recession has been shallower than expected, and no worse than in less hard-hit countries.
At the same time, the krona has stabilized at a competitive level, inflation has come down from 18 to under 5 percent, and CDS spreads have dropped from around 1000 to about 300 basis points.
Current account deficits have unwound, and international reserves have been built up, while private sector bankruptcies have led to a marked decline in external debt, to around 300 percent of GDP.
Oh, and while the IMF is demanding that Ireland cut minimum wages and reduce unemployment benefits, its mission to Iceland praised the “focus on preserving Iceland’s valued Nordic social welfare model.” What’s going on here?
In a nutshell, Ireland has been orthodox and responsible — guaranteeing all debts, engaging in savage austerity to try to pay for the cost of those guarantees, and, of course, staying on the euro.
Iceland has been heterodox: capital controls, large devaluation, and a lot of debt restructuring — notice that wonderful line from the IMF, above, about how “private sector bankruptcies have led to a marked decline in external debt”.
Bankrupting yourself to recovery!
Seriously.
And guess what: heterodoxy is working a whole lot better than orthodoxy.
That’s the title of a new paper I’ve written with Gauti Eggertsson of the New York Fed.
Paper here (pdf, very wonkish).
Relatively informal summary at VoxEU.
More a bit later.
Update: And, back above ground.
The usual disclaimers apply to the paper: it represents Gauti’s and my views, not those of the NY Fed.
For those who haven’t been following, Gauti has really been taking the lead in trying to model policy when interest rates are up against the zero lower bound; what we’re doing here is trying to apply his expertise to the problem of how to think about what happens in a “Minsky moment,” when everyone decides that debt is too high.
What follows are my views only.
The first question many readers might ask is, why do this?
It’s actually a very simple model by the standards of modern macroeconomics, but it does have some formidable-looking equations, even as it rests on some patently untrue assumptions about reality.
The answer I’d give is that models are an enormously important tool for clarifying your thought.
You don’t have to literally believe your model — in fact, you’re a fool if you do — to believe that putting together a simplified but complete account of how things work, with all the eyes crossed and teas dotted or something, helps you gain a much more sophisticated understanding of the real situation.
People who don’t use models end up relying on slogans that are much more simplistic than the models — debt bad, inflation bad, savings good, all of which are just wrong some of the time.
Regular readers may note that my own writing on the current crisis has gotten — I think it has gotten — considerably clearer in the past few weeks.
That’s because I have been working on this model!
The other thought I have is that if our view of the current crisis as largely a deleveraging shock is correct, and if our basic outline of how things work in the aftermath is also correct — both of which I believe — then the gods really hate us.
For the slump that follows a deleveraging shock is simultaneously gratuitous and almost impossible to avoid.
What do I mean by that?
The model, and more broadly overall logic, suggests that there is good no reason why the economy has to suffer a large loss of output and employment after a Minsky moment.
The capacity is there, and nothing about the fact that some people have too much debt makes it impossible to use that capacity to produce goods and services for other people.
But the policies that can prevent that gratuitous slump — a commitment to higher inflation over the medium term, and/or deficit spending — run right up against ingrained prejudices.
The foundations for the shock were laid by a long period of relative stability, especially low inflation; it’s very hard for policy makers to accept that what was good in 2000 or even 2007 is no longer at all good now that Minsky has struck.
And everyone has just seen the punishment for too much debt; asking others to run up debt to help fix the problem, even though it’s right, is unavoidably a tough sell.
We might nonetheless have been able to get through this with less damage if we’d had strong leadership and clear thinking from the economics profession.
But as it was … Anyway, if you want to know what’s lurking behind what I say about our economic mess, now you know.
There’s a famous passage in Schumpeter’s writings during the Great Depression, in which he lays out the extreme liquidationist position, arguing not just against the use of fiscal policy to fight unemployment but even against monetary policy, lest it get in the way of the “work of depressions”.
That passage has been held up by many people as an example of the wrong-headedness that prevailed at the time.
Here it is: But here we are, in 2010 — and something very much like that position is being forcefully advocated by Wolfgang Schauble, the government of China, Narayanan Kocherlakota, and Sarah Palin.
Awesome.
I read the news today: China is considering price controls to rein in surging inflation.
Can we talk, again, about the utter craziness of China’s currency policy?
The best way to think about this sort of thing remains the Swan diagram, a half-century-old creation of the Australian economist Trevor Swan.
He pointed out that, at minimum, economic policy has two instruments and two goals: the exchange rate and measures that affect domestic demand, on one side, and a sustainable balance of payments position and full employment without inflation, on the other.
He then argued that you can usefully look at the state of an economy to get some idea of which policies are out of line — but that it’s not as simple as saying that a trade deficit means you need to devalue, or unemployment means you need more demand.
Instead, the “zones of economic happinessunhappiness” are delineated as shown: And I have, as you see, written in two major economies.
Clearly — clearly!
— China has an undervalued currency; you can tell this not simply from the fact that it has a trade surplus, but from the fact that it’s fighting inflation.
The United States, which is fighting unemployment while suffering a large trade deficit, is in exactly the opposite situation — which is why it’s ludicrous to suggest that US QE and Chinese currency manipulation are equivalent.
And now China is considering price controls to help it maintain its undervalued currency.
Bizarre, and disastrous for all of us.
I’ve been thinking about the ongoing Irish mess, and I suddenly realized the true nature of Ireland’s big mistake.
It should have been Texas.
Think about it: the savings and loan crisis was about runaway banks, which had to be bailed out at (huge) taxpayer expense.
And as best I can figure, about half the taxpayer cost came from just one state: Texas.
Yet the burden was borne nationally.
So it was as if the European Union as a whole were taking responsibility for Anglo Irish etc., which would of course make the whole Irish situation much less serious.
The Irish just picked the wrong continent on which to engage in crony capitalism.
Update: Hard data on the state distribution of losses in the S&L crisis are hard to come by –assertions that Texas was responsible for about a half are widespread, but I haven’t been able to track down the original source.
(Anyone who knows where to find this, please weigh in in comments.)
But it’s not controversial that Texas was the epicenter: see, for example, this report (pdf) from the FDIC, which tells us Because Texas S&Ls had been among the most aggressive growers, the situation there was particularly acute.
By year-end 1987, insolvent Texas S&Ls accounted for 44 percent of the assets in all RAP-insolvent S&Ls in the country, and the unprofitable Texas thrifts accounted for 62 percent of all losses nationwide.
I’ve lately taken to reading another econoblog, TripleCrisis; it’s been especially good on the (especially bad) G20 summit.
In particular, Gerald Epstein is right: A strange thing happened on the way to the G-20 meetings: world elite opinion has turned against the Federal Reserve’s “quantitative easing” (QE) program, the only significant “Keynesian” macroeconomic policy being implemented anywhere in the face of massive unemployment in much of the developed world; and this criticism is garnering some support from strange places, including among some progressive economists.
With all the hub-bub, the mercantilist policies of Germany and China and the pre-Keynesian Gold Standard-like stance of the European Central Bank (ECB), are getting a virtual free ride.
Meanwhile, the true villain is escaping scrutiny all together: the elite consensus that there is too much sovereign debt in the world and so there cannot be any more fiscal expansion.
The basic situation in today’s world isn’t mysterious: we’re in the midst of a deleveraging crisis, in which those who ran up large debts during the Great Moderation are being forced to pay them down, rapidly.
The trouble with this situation is that someone has to make up for the decline in debtors’ spending, or the world will be pushed into a deflationary slump.
Fiscal expansion could do the job – and no, it’s not absurd to say that the solution to a problem caused by some actors taking on too much debt involves having other actors take on debt.
Monetary policy can also help; but conventional monetary policy is at its limit, so expansion has to take unconventional forms.
But almost the whole world has turned against doing anything that might actually help.
Fiscal policy has been killed by the Pain Caucus; and now they’re coming for monetary policy.
China’s predatory policies are hurting everyone else — but somehow Ben Bernanke has become global enemy #1.
It’s not as if the job of recovery is done.
True, Europeans are acting as if they’re fully recovered — but the truth is that eurozone industrial production is still below its 2005 level (pdf), and seems to be stalling.
Worldwide, we probably have an output gap — resources going to waste, because we’re not using the productive capacity we have — of at least $2 trillion at an annual rate.
The sad thing is that this is entirely gratuitous.
With clear thinking and a little political courage, we could have ended the slump by now.
Instead, however, it seems likely that the whole advanced world — not just the United States — is headed for years and years of stagnation and mass unemployment.
A few more thoughts on the problem of shibboleths in the face of a depressed world economy: 1.
Yes, I know what shibboleth meant in the Bible.
I wrote about it a long time ago: Many years ago Paul Samuelson, who is widely regarded as the father of modern economics, memorably cautioned against basing economic policy on ‘shibboleths’ — by which he meant slogans that take the place of hard thinking.
Strictly speaking his was an incorrect use of the word: the Oxford English Dictionary defines a shibboleth as ‘a catchword or formula adopted by a party or sect by which their adherents or followers may be discerned or those not their followers may be excluded.’ But in a deeper sense Mr Samuelson probably had it right: simplistic ideas in economics often become badges of identity for groups of like-minded people, who repeat certain phrases to each other and eventually mistake repetition for truth.
2.
I’m not sure my point on the excess supply of savings even at a zero interest rate got through.
The question is: suppose you concede that this is the situation we face; what do you want us to do?
If you reject inflation, the only way to get a negative real interest rate, as immoral; if you say that deficit spending is unacceptable; then what is your proposal to close the gap?
Are you saying that tens of millions of workers must remain jobless so that you feel comfortably orthodox?
I know the usual answer: it involves denying that we do, in fact, have an excess supply of saving.
That’s very much like climate change denial: because conservatives find the implication of the facts — that we need government intervention — uncomfortable, they prefer to deny the facts.
But we do, in fact, face a problem of inadequate demand.
And bluster about morality and sound policies as much as you like, the question remains: what’s your solution?
3.
Finally, the shibboleths are undermining actual policy.
Even as Ben Bernanke moves to buy some unconventional assets, he feels compelled to deny any rise in the inflation target — thereby blocking one of the main channels through which his policy might actually work.
Everyone hates quantitative easing.
The inflationistas believe that it’s the end of Western civilization (but as a correspondent points out, we want them to believe that; similar beliefs about the end of the gold standard helped recovery in the 1930s); meanwhile, the rest of the world is furious at the Fed’s actions.
Clearly, Bernanke must be doing something right.
As Greg Ip says, all the objections currently being offered to QE would apply equally well to conventional monetary policy — and given high US unemployment and sagging inflation, how can you argue that monetary expansion is unjustified?
But what we’re seeing worldwide right now is an inability to think clearly about economics.
In particular, the unconventional nature of our situation is making it clear how many people rely not on any model of how the economy works but rather on what the late Paul Samuelson called shibboleths — by which he meant slogans that take the place of hard thinking.
The basic situation of the world economy is simple: we have an excess of desired saving over desired investment, even at a zero interest rate.
It looks like this, where the savings and investment schedules are what those schedules would be if we were at full employment: How did this happen?
The answer, mainly, is that over-borrowing in the past has left large parts of the world credit-constrained, forced to deleverage by cutting spending; and even a zero interest rate isn’t enough to persuade the unconstrained players to increase spending by enough to offset these cuts.
Yet interest rates can’t go below zero; which poses a problem.
For the world as a whole, savings must equal investment, or, equivalently, spending must equal income.
So this incipient excess of savings leads to a depressed world economy, in which income falls to match the amount people are able/willing to spend.
So what can policy do?
1.
It can try to achieve negative real interest rates by creating expectations of inflation.
That’s actually the more or less free-market solution.
Many years ago I tried to explain this by considering a hypothetical world of perfectly flexible prices and a fixed money supply.
How would such a world deal with the situation shown above?
The answer is, prices would plunge far enough that people would expect them to rise again in the future, generating the expected inflation we need.
Since prices aren’t perfectly flexible, and anyway the existence of nominal debt makes massive deflation a really bad idea, the preferred alternative is simply to create expectations of inflation looking forward.
2.
Alternatively, governments can step in and spend while the private sector won’t.
3.
Finally, central banks can try to circumvent the zero lower bound by buying long-term debt.
The point here is that we only have zero rates at the short end, and it’s possible, though not certain, that you can get at least some traction by buying those longer-term bonds.
But now that we’re in this situation, VSPs around the world are objecting to all of these possible actions.
Inflation targets are horrible because we must have price stability.
Fiscal policy is unacceptable because we must have balanced budgets.
QE is outrageous because that’s not what central banks are supposed to do.
Notice that in each case the objection is based on a shibboleth.
Price stability is treated as an absolute virtue, without any model to explain why.
The same with budget balance.
And those who are horrified at the idea of expansionary monetary policy have been inventing concepts on the fly to justify their position.
The simple fact is that we have a global excess supply of savings, which is doing terrible things to workers.
The reasonable thing is to do something about it; it’s deeply unreasonable, and deeply irresponsible, to invent reasons not to act because you’re clinging to simplistic slogans.
Right now everyone seems to believe that rising commodity prices are telling us to beware of inflation.
I think that’s dead wrong.
Partly that’s because the sticky prices are the ones to worry about.
But it’s also worth having some perspective on commodity prices themselves.
Here’s a chart of real commodity prices over the past decade — specifically, of the ratio of the PPI for all commodities to the core CPI: What I see here is a secular upward trend, presumably driven by rising demand from emerging economies in the face of limited resources, culminating in a big price rise in 2007-2008; we can argue about how much or little role speculation played in that final rise.
Prices then slumped in the face of global recession, and have since recovered after the recession’s end.
Where, in all this, is evidence of huge inflationary pressures?
The basic story seems, again, to be one of a secular upward trend reflecting real factors, with more or less the kinds of fluctuations around that trend that you’d expect given the business cycle.
It’s also worth pointing out that the commodities price spike of 2007-2008 was seen by some as a harbinger of major inflation; they were wrong.
There’s really nothing here to shake my view that deflation, not inflation, is the threat.
I get a fair number of comments to the effect that worries about deflation are all wrong, look at commodity prices.
I’ve tried in the past to explain why we should focus on sluggish, sticky prices, not volatile prices like commodities — hence core inflation.
But let me add another point: arguably the stickiest, sluggishiest prices are those of labor.
So why not focus on wages?
There are, in practice, some problems with doing this, involving composition effects, overtime, etc..
But still, if you want another indicator of the big slide in underlying inflation, look at average hourly wages: The Nipponization continues.
Update: Yes, this is what happened in Japan:
It has been really interesting to watch some of the commentary over quantitative easing by the Fed: while people like me see the Fed’s actions as way too timid, there’s a substantial faction out there that sees them as the end of Western civilization.
Right now the most popular story on Bloomberg is Jim Rogers saying that Bernanke doesn’t understand economics, that he’s “debasing the currency.” I’ve seen Rogers in action; he seemed to me to be confused about issues like the difference between assets and liabilities.
And please note that inflationistas like Rogers have been wrong about absolutely everything this cycle (and the last cycle, and the cycle before that).
But they have their devotees.
And this means that monetary policy, our only real hope at this point, must climb a wall of stupidity.
They sometimes say they do — but almost always it turns out that they really mean something else.
Look at all the “fiscal hawks” who suddenly lose all interest in the budget balance when tax cuts are on the line.
Also, you really have to understand that voters don’t have any clear idea of how big the deficit is, let alone what makes it go up or down.
Here’s my favorite (well, one of my favorite) Larry Bartels results, about views of the deficit in 1996, after Bill Clinton had already presided over a huge improvement in the budget picture: Yep, a plurality of voters — including a majority of Republicans, and a third of Democrats — thought the deficit had gone up.
If Obama somehow eliminated the budget deficit over the next two years, not only would he get no credit, Republican voters would go to the 2012 polls believing that the deficit had continued to soar.
From comments, “Just John” says: Remember, algebra was invented by MUSLIMS!
Need I say more?
Yes, you should!
After all, when I write 2+2=4, what am I using?
Arabic numerals!
And what was the key invention behind Arabic numerals?
Zero!
So when I talk about the zero lower bound, you know what it means: I’m trying to impose Sharia law on the US economy.. Clearly, to free America from this nefarious plot, we need to vote for Sarah Palin in the MMXII election.
Via Brad DeLong, David Beckworth counters my disheartening discussion of Japan’s experiment in quantitative easing with the example of monetary policy in the Great Depression.
So, a few comments and some data.
First of all: there was indeed a substantial recovery from 1933 to 1937, despite what you may have read in the WSJ: This recovery was associated with a huge rise in the monetary base, accompanied by a smaller rise in M2.
Here’s data on both, expressed as indexes with 1929=100: You can see, by the way, why I get so annoyed with the vulgar-Friedman claim that the Fed caused the Depression, as opposed to, perhaps, failing to prevent it: monetary base actually rose substantially from 1929 to 1933.
So, two questions.
First, was the rise in the monetary base responsible for the post-33 recovery?
And to the extent that monetary policy did drive recovery, how much relevance does this experience have to current conditions?
On the first, I think we have to have some skepticism.
Recovery was already underway before the big change in monetary policy; also, while fiscal policy was highly inadequate, there was at least some fiscal expansion: So you can argue, and I would, that to a large extent recovery was driving the rise in M2, rather than the other way around.
Still, there’s a good case to be made that America’s departure from the gold standard and the Fed’s shift in behavior changed expectations of future inflation.
And I very much agree with the notion that central banks can gain traction, even in a liquidity trap, if they can credibly promise future inflation — that was the whole moral of my 1998 paper.
But in the 30s, we were mainly talking about ending expectations of deflation, or at most creating expectations of a rise in the price level to where it was before the Depression; remember that even in 1938, prices were well below 1929 levels: That’s very different from trying to create expectations of inflation looking forward with no actual deflation in our past.
So yes, the US experience of the 30s is useful to consider.
But I don’t see how it engenders easy optimism about the effectiveness of quantitative easing now.
I had some graphics problems with my previous post on this subject — it turns out that what looks like a permanent link at the BOJ website isn’t; plus I had some more to say about the subject.
So: David Wessel quoted what Milton Friedman said about Japan in 1998, and interpreted it as meaning that Friedman would favor quantitative easing now.
I think that’s right.
And just to be clear, I also favor QE — largely because it might help some, and seems to be just about the only policy lever still available in the face of political reality.
But I think it’s also important to note that Friedman was all wrong about Japan — and that you can argue that he was also wrong about the Great Depression, for the same reason.
For what Friedman argued, both for Japan in the 1990s and America in the 1930s, was that all the central bank needed to do was more — push out those reserves into the banking system.
This would raise the money supply, and a higher money supply would have the usual effects.
But the Bank of Japan tried that — and found that pushing more reserves into the banks didn’t even lead to rapid growth in the money supply, let alone end the problem of deflation.
Here’s a chart of growth rates of the monetary base and of M2, Friedman’s preferred monetary aggregate: So, after 2000 the Bank of Japan engineered a huge increase in the monetary base; this was the original quantitative easing.
And it didn’t even translate into a surge in the money supply!
This is why I’m so skeptical of people who say that all the Fed has to do is target higher nominal GDP growth — in liquidity trap conditions, the Fed doesn’t even control money, so how can you blithely assume that it controls GDP?
And this also calls very much into question Friedman’s famous claim that the Fed could easily have prevented the Depression, which gradually got transmuted into the claim that the Fed caused the Depression.
Yes, M2 fell — but why should we believe that the Fed had any more control over M2 in the 30s than the BOJ had over M2 more recently?
Again, that doesn’t mean that I oppose having the Fed engage in unconventional asset purchases.
I’m just trying to be realistic about the likely results.
We really, really need expansionary fiscal policy along with Fed policy; and we’re not going to get it.
David Wessel has an article asking what Milton Friedman would say about quantitative easing, and concludes that he would have been in favor.
But I was struck by Friedman’s 1998 remarks about Japan, in which he basically said that increasing the monetary base would do the trick: “The Bank of Japan can buy government bonds on the open market…” he wrote in 1998.
“Most of the proceeds will end up in commercial banks, adding to their reserves and enabling them to expand…loans and open-market purchases.
But whether they do so or not, the money supply will increase….
Higher money supply growth would have the same effect as always.
After a year or so, the economy will expand more rapidly; output will grow, and after another delay, inflation will increase moderately.” Well, they did that: staring in 2000, the BOJ nearly doubled monetary base over a period of 3 years.
And the money just sat there.
Banks did not, in fact, expand loans.
In fact, Japan’s experience is a key element of the case against monetarism.
Just printing notes does not work when you’re in a liquidity trap.
Financial markets seem convinced that quantitative easing will be highly effective at solving at least one problem: inflation running well below the Fed’s 2-percent-or-so target.
The chart above shows the difference between interest rates on 5-year inflation-protected bonds (which are now negative) and rates on unprotected bonds; implicitly, the market forecast of inflation over the next five years has risen half a point.
But I really don’t understand this.
Granted that QE2 will probably have some positive effect, hopefully bigger than analysis based on the debt-maturity equivalence suggests.
Still, the prospect remains that we’ll face multiple years of high unemployment — or, if you prefer, a protracted large output gap (PLOG).
And history is clear on what that means: declining inflation: My guess, then, is that the markets are overreacting; they’re thinking, “The Fed is printing money!”, while forgetting that this ultimately matters, even for inflation, only to the extent that it seriously reduces unemployment.
One of the common arguments against fiscal policy in the current situation – one that sounds sensible – is that debt is the problem, so how can debt be the solution?
Households borrowed too much; now you want the government to borrow even more?
What’s wrong with that argument?
It assumes, implicitly, that debt is debt – that it doesn’t matter who owes the money.
Yet that can’t be right; if it were, we wouldn’t have a problem in the first place.
After all, to a first approximation debt is money we owe to ourselves – yes, the US has debt to China etc., but that’s not at the heart of the problem.
Ignoring the foreign component, or looking at the world as a whole, the overall level of debt makes no difference to aggregate net worth – one person’s liability is another person’s asset.
It follows that the level of debt matters only if the distribution of net worth matters, if highly indebted players face different constraints from players with low debt.
And this means that all debt isn’t created equal – which is why borrowing by some actors now can help cure problems created by excess borrowing by other actors in the past.
To see my point, imagine first a world in which there are only two kinds of people: Spendthrift Sams and Judicious Janets.
(Sam and Janet who?
If you’d grown up in my place and time, you’d know the answer: Sam and Janet evening / You will see a stranger … But actually, I’m thinking of the two kinds of agent in the Kiyotaki-Moore model.)
In this world, we’ll assume that no real investment is possible, so that loans are made only to finance consumption in excess of income.
Specifically, in the past the Sams have borrowed from the Janets to pay for consumption.
But now something has happened – say, the collapse of a land bubble – that has forced the Sams to stop borrowing, and indeed to pay down their debt.
For the Sams to do this, of course, the Janets must be prepared to dissave, to run down their assets.
What would give them an incentive to do this?
The answer is a fall in interest rates.
So the normal way the economy would cope with the balance sheet problems of the Sams is through a period of low rates.
But – you probably guessed where I’m going – what if even a zero rate isn’t low enough; that is, low enough to induce enough dissaving on the part of the Janets to match the savings of the Sams?
Then we have a problem.
I haven’t specified the underlying macroeconomic model, but it seems safe to say that we’d be looking at a depressed real economy and deflationary pressures.
And this will be destructive; not only will output be below potential, but depressed incomes and deflation will make it harder for the Sams to pay down their debt.
What can be done?
One answer is inflation, if you can get it, which will do two things: it will make it possible to have a negative real interest rate, and it will in itself erode the debt of the Sams.
Yes, that will in a way be rewarding their past excesses – but economics is not a morality play.
Oh, and just to go back for a moment to my point about debt not being all the same: yes, inflation erodes the assets of the Janets at the same time, and by the same amount, as it erodes the debt of the Sams.
But the Sams are balance-sheet constrained, while the Janets aren’t, so this is a net positive for aggregate demand.
But what if inflation can’t or won’t be delivered?
Well, suppose a third character can come in: Government Gus.
Suppose that he can borrow for a while, using the borrowed money to buy useful things like rail tunnels under the Hudson.
The true social cost of these things will be very low, because he’ll be putting resources that would otherwise be unemployed to work.
And he’ll also make it easier for the Sams to pay down their debt; if he keeps it up long enough, he can bring them to the point where they’re no longer so severely balance-sheet constrained, and further deficit spending is no longer required to achieve full employment.
Yes, private debt will in part have been replaced by public debt – but the point is that debt will have been shifted away from severely balance-sheet-constrained players, so that the economy’s problems will have been reduced even if the overall level of debt hasn’t fallen.
The bottom line, then, is that the plausible-sounding argument that debt can’t cure debt is just wrong.
On the contrary, it can – and the alternative is a prolonged period of economic weakness that actually makes the debt problem harder to resolve.
A thought: it has occurred to me that we could use an economics equivalent of Keith Olbermann’s “Worst Person in the World” award.
KO does not, of course, mean that the person he goes after on any given night really is the worst person in the world; he just uses the title to highlight some especially awful action or statement.
I’d encourage others to enter this game — and yes, I know that various paid trolls and others will award me the title five times a day if they can.
But here’s what caught my eye: the WSJ’s Real Time Economics explaining (or rather, “explaining”) the risks from competitive devaluation: When one country devalues its currency, others tend to follow suit.
As a result, nobody achieves trade gains.
Instead, the devaluations put upward pressure on the prices of commodities such as oil.
Higher commodity prices, in turn, can cut into global economic output.
In one ominous sign, the price of oil is up 8.7% since August 27.
Urk.
Why do dollar commodity prices tend to rise when the dollar falls?
Because other countries buy commodities too, so that a constant dollar price would mean a fall in terms of other currencies.
To a first approximation, in fact, you’d expect commodity prices to remain constant, other things equal, in terms of a GDP-weighted basket of currencies around the world.
So yes, a fall in the dollar tends to raise the price of oil in dollars — but it also tends to reduce the price of oil in euros.
A fall in the euro tends to raise the price of oil in euros, but raise reduce it in dollars.
[whoops!]
So what would devaluations that raise commodity prices in terms of all currencies look like?
I have no idea.
There is, I think, a tendency to think of devaluations as reductions in the value of currencies relative to something external and eternal — and hence as making us all poorer.
But the reality is that my depreciation is your appreciation, and vice versa; we can’t all devalue at the same time.
But competitive devaluation is one of those things people just know is bad, and so critical thinking has a tendency to go out the window.
Still on the run, so no long posts.
But with all the talk about further quantitative easing by the Fed — QE2, for quantitative easing, the sequel — I think it’s worth sharing one way of thinking about what’s on the table — and why you shouldn’t be too optimistic about its effects.
This isn’t original, although I don’t know who deserves the credit.
So, here it is: in effect, QE2 amounts to a decision by the US government to shorten the maturity of its outstanding debt, paying off long-term bonds while borrowing short-term.
This should drive down long-term interest rates.
But how much?
How do we get to this view?
Think first of the Fed’s balance sheet.
The Fed’s liabilities are the monetary base — currency in circulation, plus bank reserves.
Those bank reserves are essentially short-term borrowing: the Fed pays a small interest rate on them, which is comparable to the interest rate on Treasury bills.
More broadly, in a near-zero-rate world, cash — an official liability that pays no interest — is essentially equivalent to T-bills — another official liability that pays more or less no interest.
What happens when the Fed buys long-term government securities?
If we consider the Fed and Treasury as a consolidated entity — which, for fiscal purposes, they are — then what happens is that some long-term federal debt is taken off the market, and paid for by issuing more short-term debt in the form of monetary base.
It’s just as if Treasury sold 3-month T-bills and used the proceeds to buy back 10-year bonds.
So the question to ask is, how much do we think federal management of its maturity structure matters for the real economy?
I think if you put it that way, most people wouldn’t be terribly optimistic.
Anyway, my jet-lagged thought for the day.
In various comments and other places I keep seeing people compare European complaints about the weak dollar to American complaints about the undervalued renminbi.
It’s a false equivalence, which should be obvious if you think about the basics of the situation.
What the United States is doing is an expansionary monetary policy in the face of a depressed economy and threats of deflation; what else do you expect us to do?
Now, one effect of that policy, if it isn’t matched abroad, is a weaker dollar — but that’s not the goal of the policy.
Beyond that, the overall effect of quantitative easing in America is expansionary for the world economy as a whole: expansionary in the United States, and ambiguous for the rest of the world.
(It’s ambiguous because there are two effects: the weaker dollar tends to reduce the US trade deficit, but a stronger US economy tends to increase the deficit, with the net effect uncertain.)
Now compare this with China’s situation.
China isn’t fighting deflation — it’s fighting inflation, so the undervaluation of the yuan has to be accompanied by restrictive credit policies domestically.
(China can separate exchange rate policy from domestic monetary policy because it has capital controls).
The overall effect of the policy is therefore to reduce, not increase, world demand — and the effect on foreign economies is clearly negative.
The policies, then, aren’t at all equivalent.
What about the argument that America can offset any effects from China’s policies through looser money?
Well, I don’t really get why some commentators can’t grasp the distinction between the proposition “quantitative easing is worth trying, and would probably help” and the proposition “quantitative easing will allow the Fed to do whatever is needed, never mind the zero lower bound.” I subscribe to the first, not the second.
And since QE is likely to be helpful but inadequate, China’s artificial surplus adds to the shortfall.
So again, the Fed is moving in the right direction, both for US interests and for the sake of the world as a whole.
China is beggaring its neighbors, which in this case means everyone else.
Here: A senior European policy-maker, who asked not to be named, said a further aggressive round of monetary easing by the US Federal Reserve would be “irresponsible” as it made US exports more competitive at the expense of its rivals.
In other words, how dare you act to protect your economy from deflation and double-digit unemployment?
By doing so, you make our inappropriate tight-money policy even more destructive!
Chapter 3 of the IMF’s new World Economic Outlook is online; it examines the economics of fiscal austerity.
It won’t make the austerians happy.
Two things are worth noting.
First, the report takes on Alesina-type studies, which have been heavily promoted by some commenters here (especially the trolls).
The IMF basically finds them all wrong, largely for the reasons I have pointed out in the past: their methodology does a really terrible job at identifying actual changes in fiscal policy.
For example, as the IMF confirms, there was a large fiscal contraction in Japan in 1997 — indeed, the results of that contraction, the only modern large contraction to take place in the face of a liquidity trap, are one of the reasons some of us believe austerity is a terrible idea right now.
But Alesina and Ardagna don’t pick up that contraction at all, instead identifying some spurious cases of austerity in other years.
And it turns out that identifying the episodes right reverses the results: contractions are contractionary, after all.
Second, the study shows that fiscal contractions have normally been accompanied by both lower policy interest rates and currency depreciation, both of which help cushion the negative effects.
It seems clear that when you’re both in a liquidity trap and facing a global slump, the negative effects of austerity are likely to be much worse.
The IMF, then, is talking sense.
I wish I thought it would make a difference.
As regular readers know, I’m getting increasingly disgruntled with Very Serious People, who offer wise reasons not to do anything about devastating unemployment.
Inevitably, the VSPs are weighing in on the Levin bill authorizing countervailing duties on Chinese goods, offering very wise-sounding reasons why we should do nothing about outrageous, destructive currency manipulation.
Today’s editorial in the usually sensible FT is a case in point; it sounds very reasonable, unless you have actually looked at and thought about the subject.
So, first: Yet slapping tariffs on Chinese imports is not an effective response.
It is needlessly confrontational given that China has been willing to address US concerns, if at snail’s pace, through diplomacy.
It has allowed the renminbi to appreciate by almost one percentage point since Barack Obama’s top economic adviser Lawrence Summers visited Beijing two weeks ago, around half of the total increase since June.
Seriously?
They think diplomacy has been working?
Here’s the actual exchange rate story: So, a small rise before the G20 (remember, up is down here), soon largely reversed; and a later small rise, just ahead of the vote on the Levin bill.
I see nothing here to suggest diplomacy working; I see China making empty gestures designed to head off American action.
Then there’s this: Import duties would also barely dent China’s surpluses, which are largely the product of its low wages and high savings.
Imbalances will remain – and the recovery in global demand will be fragile – so long as the world’s second largest economy continues to spend so little.
Rebalancing China’s economy is the real issue for the US, the international community and China itself.
Congress’s bill will do little to promote this.
It even risks derailing the relationship between the world’s two largest economies.
If the global economy is to return to sounder footing, rebalancing – and not exchange rates – will have to be at the top of the agenda.
Urk.
If China has an advantage due to low wages, then one way to raise those wages in dollar terms is, you know, to raise the value of the renminbi.
And if wages matter, why won’t tariffs?
As for the high savings thing: aside from the apparent reappearance of the doctrine of immaculate transfer, if you’re paying attention at all you know that China is now suffering from serious inflationary pressures.
This means that China doesn’t need to increase demand first; its economy already “wants” a stronger currency, and China’s government is having to work hard to suppress those pressures.
Finally, the idea that what we need is a mature discussion of global rebalancing strikes me as reasonable — if you have been living in a cave the past three or four years.
We’ve been reasoning, and reasoning, and reasoning, and nothing changes.
Clearly, China does not want to act — not out of national interest, but because of the political influence of its export industries.
It won’t change its behavior unless it faces an additional incentive — like the prospect of countervailing duties.
The Levin bill is a step toward a more balanced world, not away from it.
One thought tying together this post and this post.
When it comes to commenting on economics, there are two kinds of people: people who divide people into two kinds and people who don’t people who think in terms of models, and people who think in terms of slogans.
If you think in terms of slogans like “free trade good; protectionism evil”, you find it outrageous that a credentialed economist might actually consider trade sanctions on China justified.
Sacrilege!
If you think in terms of models, however, you know that the case for free trade is profound, but also conditional: it depends, among other things, on having sufficient policy levers to achieve more or less full employment simultaneously with free trade.
Without that, the picture is very different.
As Paul Samuelson wrote long ago, With employment less than full and Net National Product suboptimal, all the debunked mercantilist arguments turn out to be valid.
So what I’ve been saying about China comes out of the same model I’ve been using to make sense of our broader economic problem.
That doesn’t mean I’m necessarily right about the policy, since we are talking about political economy rather than straight economics.
But if you just start yelling “Protectionist!”, you’re demonstrating that you don’t understand what economics is about.
I have had a lot of downbeat stuff to say about Irish policy and prospects.
But having their position worsened by a warning from S&P is cause for justifiable anger on their part.
For the fact is that the rating agencies, S&P very much included, have been terrible on sovereign debt.
There is, in fact, a disturbing contrast between their willingness to classify highly dubious private securities as AAA and their willingness to classify governments as probable deadbeats on very weak evidence.
Let’s recall in particular that both Moody’s and S&P downgraded Japan in 2002.
How’s that been going?
Brad DeLong catches someone wondering if I am actually advocating war as a solution to our problems.
Against stupidity, the gods themselves … To be fair, though, I understand from the Times that whenever I mention in my column that WWII ended the Great Depression, the paper gets a lot of mail accusing me of being a warmonger.
Amazing.
But maybe this is an opportunity to reiterate a point I try to make now and then: economics is not a morality play.
It’s not a happy story in which virtue is rewarded and vice punished.
The market economy is a system for organizing activity — a pretty good system most of the time, though not always — with no special moral significance.
The rich don’t necessarily deserve their wealth, and the poor certainly don’t deserve their poverty; nonetheless, we accept a system with considerable inequality because systems without any inequality don’t work.
And before the trolls jump in to say aha, Krugman concedes the truth of supply-side economics, that’s not an argument against progressive taxation and the welfare state; it’s just an argument that says that there are limits.
Cuba doesn’t work; Sweden works pretty well.
And when we’re experiencing depression economics, by which I mean a situation in which it’s hard to create sufficient demand to achieve full employment — mainly because short-term interest rates are up against the zero lower bound — the essentially amoral nature of economics becomes even more acute.
As I’ve said repeatedly, this is a situation in which virtue becomes vice and prudence is folly; what we need above all is for someone to spend more, even if the spending isn’t particularly wise.
The trouble in practice is that conventional modes of thought tend to prevail even when they shouldn’t; in particular, public spending on the scale needed never seems to happen.
That’s why Keynes facetiously proposed burying bottles full of cash in coal mines, so people could dig them up again: since any proposal to spend money on things we need got shot down on grounds of prudence and efficiency, he proposed completely pointless spending instead.
And what actually ended up doing the trick was spending that was beyond pointless, it was actually destructive – a sort of cruel joke on the part of the gods of economics.
The point is that it would have been much better if the Depression had been ended with massive spending on useful things, on roads and railroads and schools and parks.
But the political consensus for spending on a sufficient scale never materialized; we needed Hitler and Hirohito instead.
Who said this?
More important, when did he say it?
In the light of this brief survey of the characteristics of the labor supply and the probable demand for labor, what is the outlook for unemployment?
My opinion is that the demand, even though active and strong, will be met by supply which will be badly adjusted to fit it.
There may very well be a great shortage of labor of certain kinds, with no prospect of any shifting or adapting which will bring about an increased supply.
But this will be accompanied by an actual surplus of labor in other occupations.
I believe this present labor supply of ours is peculiarly unadaptable and untrained.
It cannot respond to the opportunities which industry may offer.
This implies a situation of great inequality-full employment, much over-time, high wages, and great prosperity for certain favored groups, accompanied by low wages, short time, unemployment, and possibly destitution for others.
The answer is, it’s from a paper titled The Problem of Unemployment and the Changing Structure of Industry (subscription required), from the Journal of the American Statistical Association, published in 1935.
That’s right: in the depths of the Great Depression, wise heads proclaimed the problem one of structural unemployment, which obviously could not be cured just by increasing demand.
A great piece about Wall Street rage by Max Abelson.
Basically, they feel underappreciated.
How dare Obama talk about fat cats, or suggest that runaway finance had something to do with the mess we’re in?
Bankers are offended.
They speak of betrayal.
Feelings have been hurt.
Did our nation’s elite always consist of such spoiled brats?
I don’t think so.
We’re in the new Gilded Age — but while the old robber barons said “The public be damned”, the new ones say “Ma!
He’s looking at me funny!” And these are the Masters Of The Universe.
I went through my mail today, and got the usual batch of letters declaring that I’m wrong about everything, and that we should do the opposite of anything I say.
Hey, it’s a free country.
But I found myself wondering, as I often do, about the determination with which people believe pundits who please them ideologically, no matter how wrong they have repeatedly been — wrong in ways that, if you believed them, cost you money.
Suppose you had spent the last five years actually believing what you read from the usual suspects — the WSJ opinion pages, National Review, right-wing economists, etc.. Here’s what would have happened: In 2006 you would have believed that there was no housing bubble.
In 2007 you would have believed that the troubles of subprime couldn’t possibly spread to the financial system as a whole.
In 2008 you would have believed that we weren’t in a recession — and that the failure of Lehman was unlikely to have bad consequences for the real economy.
In 2009 you would have believed that high inflation was just around the corner.
At the beginning of 2010 you would have believed that sky-high interest rates were just around the corner.
Now, we all make mistakes and get things wrong — although it’s striking how often the trolls on this blog feel the need to accuse yours truly of saying things I didn’t.
But after this string of errors, wouldn’t you at least begin to suspect that the people you find congenial have a fundamentally wrong-headed view of how the world works?
Guess not.
What do we have in common?
We’re all small business owners, according to Mitch McConnell.
Obama and I make our business income off books — he sells the audacity of hope, Robin and I sell the misery of Econ 101; Soros makes his money off financial destruction directing funds to their most productive use; but we’re all in the same category as the owner of a small factory.
And if you raise my taxes, I’ll lay off half my employees, of which I have, um, zero.
Future historians will marvel at the austerity madness that gripped policy elites in the spring of 2010.
In a combination of blind panic and irrational exuberance, organizations from the ECB to the OECD suddenly abandoned everything we’ve learned, at bitter cost, about the economics of recessions, and raced to the conclusion that fiscal austerity was the way to go in the depths of a slump — indeed, that it would actually be expansionary.
And not just fiscal austerity: there were also widespread demands that interest rates rise in the face of falling inflation and high unemployment.
The May OECD Economic Outlook exemplified the madness.
Now the OECD is coming as close as such organizations ever do to admitting that it was wrong.
What a strange trip it has been.
I’ve thought of one way to explain why extending tax cuts for the top end is such a bad idea; it involves a bit of cheating, but in a way that doesn’t undermine the essential point.
So: let’s make two not-quite-right but not too far off assumptions.
The first is that the economy will be in a liquidity trap, badly needing fiscal stimulus, for two more years.
Yes, it could be more than that.
But policy making for now operates on the assumption that it will be a limited period.
Second, let’s assume that rich people make spending decisions based on a 10-year horizon.
Making this longer would actually strengthen the argument.
Now, consider first what would happen if we extend the tax cuts for the next 10 years.
This would add $700 billion to the debt (pdf).
If the rich spread their windfall evenly across the decade, that’s $70 billion a year in additional consumer spending — or $140 billion during the period when we need it.
So, $700 billion in deficits for $140 billion in stimulus; not a good bargain!
Alternatively, suppose we extend the tax cuts for only 2 years.
That’s only $140 billion on the deficit.
But the rich, knowing that it’s temporary, won’t spend much of it — if they really operate on a 10-year horizon, they’ll spend only $14 billion a year more, so $28 billion of stimulus when we need it, in return for $140 billion of debt; still a lousy bargain!
Readers who know some macroeconomics will recognize that what I’m doing here is a quick-and-dirty version of Milton Friedman’s permanent income hypothesis.
Yes, that Milton Friedman.
Now, you might ask why the same arithmetic doesn’t apply to all taxpayers, not just the rich.
The answer is that middle- and lower-income families are often cash-constrained, with their spending limited by their current income even if they have reason to believe they’ll be doing better in the future.
High-income families are much less likely to be in that situation.
As summarized here (pdf), there’s a lot of evidence suggesting that tax cuts for the rich will do less to promote spending than equal tax cuts for the middle class and below.
But in any case, it’s the tax cuts for the top 2 percent of the population, with most of the benefit going to the top 0.1 percent, that are at issue.
And they’re terrible stimulus, delivering very little bang for the buck.
I’m doing some homework on various issues, and one of the things I’ve been doing is trying to work through what we should be seeing in the emerging economies now that the advanced economies seem set — thanks to bad policy and bad ideas — to experience a prolonged period, maybe a lost decade, of weak growth, high unemployment, and low interest rates.
Emerging economies have been doing much better, in part because they inherently offer bigger investment opportunities, in part because they don’t have the balance sheet problems of the richer nations.
And by building up reserves while avoiding foreign-currency debt, they’ve removed many of the vulnerabilities of the past.
So what should you expect?
There are low returns to investment in the North, better returns in the South.
So there should be capital inflows to emerging markets, real appreciation, and a move toward current account deficits — that is, if the countries allow it.
And here’s a picture of real effective exchange rates for two countries, starting from January 2007 — roughly the point where the bubbles began to deflate in earnest.
China has, of course, gone nowhere.
Brazil had a brief period of sharp depreciation, coinciding with the post-Lehman oh-God-we’re-gonna-die period when everyone wanted nothing but US bonds.
But beyond that, it’s a big appreciation.
Food for thought.
And I’m still thinking through where that gets us a few years down the road.
Via Jon Chait, a stark demonstration of the madness that has overtaken the American right.
It seems that Newt Gingrich is approvingly citing an article in Forbes by Dinesh D’Souza, alleging that Obama is a radical pursuing a “Kenyan, anti-colonial” agenda.
His prime example is that the Export-Import Bank has made a loan to Brazil’s offshore oil project, which D’Souza finds incomprehensible except as a plan to shift power away from the West.
Except, you know, the Ex-Im bank’s job is to promote US exports — and this was a loan for the specific purpose of buying US-made oilfield equipment.
And the board approving the loan was … a board appointed by George W. Bush.
In other words, aside from being ignorant, this is complete the-Commies-are-putting flouride in the water to steal our vital bodily fluids stuff.
Yet there it is in Forbes, being cited by the former Speaker of the House, who is a regular guest on Sunday TV.
Scary.
Not really — but as we approach the second anniversary of Lehman’s fall, a few thoughts on how to think about macroeconomic policy.
I was, in a way, ready for this particular mess: a decade earlier, trying to make sense of Japan’s woes, I had thought through the economics of a liquidity trap.
Moving back and forth between that basic model and its translation into more traditional IS-LM analysis (pdf), I had a framework ready-made for the mess we’re in.
And that framework has held up very well.
That basic framework led me to conclude that the Obama stimulus was much too small; that the huge increase in the monetary base wouldn’t be inflationary; that interest rates would stay low as long as the economy remained depressed, despite huge government borrowing.
All this has turned out to be true.
Now, there’s no virtue in sticking with a model if it fails the reality test; but in this case the model — unlike the economy — has performed well.
By contrast, many policy makers and, sad to say, economists, have been frantically inventing new models and doctrines to justify whatever the currently fashionable policy recommendations are.
And looking back at that 1999 paper, I see that I anticipated this, too: In the case of the liquidity trap, however, conventional textbook models imply unconventional policy conclusions … To defend the conventional policy wisdom one must therefore appeal to various unorthodox models – supply curves that slope down, demand curves that slope up, multiple equilibria, etc..
So unworldly economists become defenders of analytical orthodoxy, while the dignified men in suits become devotees of exotic theories.
The tragedy of our current economic mess is that the solution to our problems is not, in fact, mysterious — basic macroeconomics, macroeconomics that has worked quite well in the last two years, shows the way.
But the men in suits have decided that they know better — and the slump goes on, and on, and on.
Regular readers may recall that back in May I fulminated about the OECD Economic Outlook.
The Paris-based OECD is Conventional Wisdom Central; and in May, it dutifully relayed the conventional wisdom that advanced nations should start cutting spending and, even more remarkably, raising interest rates right away.
As I pointed out, this made no sense even in terms of the OECD’s own forecasts, which said that unemployment would remain very high and inflation very low for years to come.
Now the OECD has climbed down, sort of (pdf).
Maybe hold off on those interest hikes, it says, and if things get really bad, maybe delay the fiscal austerity.
Two points: 1.
This new document is presented as a response to a change in forecasts.
But as I pointed out in May, even given the forecasts the OECD was making back then, its call for near-term austerity made no sense.
When you’re expecting 8.4 percent unemployment and 1 percent inflation at the end of 2011, raising interest rates this year would be a violation of everything we know about sensible monetary policy.
And the OECD never explained why fiscal contraction should take place while the economy was still deeply depressed, except by vague appeals to confidence, i.e., the invisible bond vigilantes.
2.
The slowdown we’re seeing now isn’t a surprise: everyone who took a Keynesian approach seriously was very worried about the second half of 2010, long in advance.
So here’s how I see it: what we’re really seeing here is a sort of intellectual Wile E. Coyote moment.
Back in May, the OECD was responding to social pressure, not economic logic.
All the right people wanted austerity now now now, because, well, because, and the OECD went along.
Now a bit of bad economic news has led the organization to look down, and realize that there’s nothing supporting its position.
But there never was.
I’m not the first person by a long shot to make this point, but it’s fairly amazing how much of Japan’s relative slide since the early 90s can be explained not by economics per se but by demography.
Using the Total Economy Database — another useful source — I find that from 1992 to 2007 (eve of the crisis), Japanese GDP per capita fell from 88 percent of US GDP per capita to 76 percent.
That sounds bad, and it is.
But about two-thirds of that decline can be explained by the aging of Japan’s population.
According to the OECD factbook, in 1992 working-age adults were 69.7 percent of Japan’s population, compared with 65.5 in the US; by 2007, the Japanese number was down to 64, while the US number was up to 67.
Demography is not the whole story; Japan has stayed depressed, deflation is a problem, labor markets are poor (although the trouble tends to show in rising numbers of freeters rather than high measured unemployment.)
Still, when you look at Japan’s declining share of world GDP, and even its relative decline in per capita GDP, the biggest single cause is the declining number of working-age Japanese.
Whenever the issue of fiscal stimulus comes up, you can count on someone chiming in to say, “Only a moron could believe that the answer to a problem created by too much debt is to create even more debt.” It sounds plausible — but it misses the key point: there’s a fallacy of composition here.
When everyone tries to pay off debt at the same time, the result is contraction and deflation, which ends up making the debt problem worse even if nominal debt falls.
On the other hand, a strong fiscal stimulus, by expanding the economy and creating moderate inflation, can actually help resolve debt problems.
Let’s go to the tape here.
Below are two time series.
The first is total US debt from 1929 to 1948 — public plus private — in billions of dollars.
The second is total debt as a percentage of GDP: From 1929 to 1933, everyone was trying to pay down debt — and the debt/GDP ratio skyrocketed thanks to contraction and deflation.
During and immediately after WWII, there was massive borrowing — but GDP grew faster than debt, and the debt burden ended up falling.
Yes, it seems paradoxical — but that’s the kind of world we’re living in.
And the refusal of so many people to face up to the fact that we’re in a world where conventional rules don’t apply makes it likely that we’ll stay in that world for a long time come.
Update: Left scale for both series — debt in 1933 was $169 billion, and 299 percent of GDP.
So, what big mistakes have I made over the years?
Two, I think.
The first was in the mid-1990s, when I pooh-poohed claims about a surge in US productivity growth.
I saw some bad logic in the arguments the productivity enthusiasts were making, and — being the professor I am — I extrapolated that into being dismissive of everything they were saying.
In fact, the productivity surge was real.
The second was circa 2003, over the Bush administration’s use of the illusion of victory in Iraq to push through more tax cuts, even though the optimistic budget projections used to justify the first round had proved completely wrong.
It’s worth pointing out that the situation was not at all like the present, where I support temporary deficit spending to deal with a depressed economy; the Bushies were pushing permanent tax cuts that had nothing to do with economic stimulus, and did so at a time of war with no offsetting spending cuts (and then pushed through an unfunded expansion of Medicare too).
This struck me at the time as banana-republic behavior, and still does.
However, I wrongly believed that markets would look at it the same way, and that they would lose faith in American governance, driving up interest rates on our debt.
Instead, bond investors discounted the politics, and acted as if they believed that America would eventually pull itself together and start behaving responsibly.
The jury’s still out on that, but clearly my short-run prediction proved wrong.
I learned from both these mistakes.
In the 90s, I learned to take very seriously what people on the ground are saying about the economy, even if it isn’t well-argued.
After 2003, I learned that there is a great deal of ruin in a nation — that markets give advanced countries a lot of benefit of the doubt.
So yes, I’ve been wrong.
Let those who are without error cast the first stone.
Update: Just to be clear, I’m talking about professional mistakes.
The other kinds of mistakes … are none of your business.
Ah — I check into Yahoo!
finance, and see featured on the front page commentary titled Krugman is wrong!
I’d be tempted to reject the whole thing because it’s your basic guy-who-doesn’t-understand-why-Say’s law-is-wrong thing.
But then I remembered that this particular commentator is someone to be reckoned with.
After all, not many of us have the sheer analytical prowess to declare, on the day Lehman collapsed, that The good news is that this financial earthquake is unlikely to turn into an economic earthquake.
The bad loans made earlier this decade did not create a widespread economic boom; and the realization of how bad some of these loans are will not create an economic bust.
So when he says I’m wrong, that’s a judgment you can trust.
I should add, I suppose, that I’m not upset about being attacked like this.
On the contrary: people wouldn’t go to such lengths, and Yahoo!
wouldn’t be featuring it, if someone weren’t worried that I was actually having some influence.
This just in: inflation falls during periods of high unemployment!
OK, it’s something we should have known already.
But that’s the message of the Stock-Watson paper (big pdf) from Jackson Hole.
It’s also the message of the recent IMF paper on PLOGs and my own quick-and-dirty comparison of disinflation episodes, from which the chart above is taken.
What all these analyses have in common is that they use an episode-based approach rather than trying to fit a Phillips curve.
There’s good reason for that: we don’t have any good way to get the timing, the way in which inflation expectations fall over time, right — nor is there good reason to expect the lags to be stable.
But the general shape of things, the fact of declining inflation in the face of prolonged high unemployment, is very clear.
So why, exactly, did members of the FOMC believe in their most recent meeting that inflation was likely to stabilize near recent low readings in coming quarters and then gradually rise toward levels they consider more consistent with the Committee’s dual mandate for maximum employment and price stability.
I don’t know about you, but I find it disturbing that the Fed is clinging to beliefs that are at odds with basic macroeconomics, at odds with the lessons of history, but happen to justify sitting there and doing nothing.
I’m starting to see another curious myth popping up in comments — namely, that I claimed that Japan’s policy of quantitative easing, which consisted simply of stuffing more reserves into the banks, would work.
So, just for the record, here’s the little wonkish paper (pdf) I wrote back in 1998 — the one that alerted me to the danger of falling into a liquidity trap, so that I was intellectually prepared for the mess we’re in.
The whole point of that paper was that when you’re up against the zero lower bound, it doesn’t matter how much money you print — not unless you credibly promise higher inflation.
And of course, now we’re all Japanese.
A few months back one of my original mentors in economics — someone who got his graduate training in the pre-fresh-water era — asked me whether there was anything about the current crisis that required fundamentally new analysis.
We agreed that there wasn’t.
This is one of the untold tales of the mess we’re in.
Contrary to what you may have heard, there’s very little that’s baffling about our problems — at least not if you knew basic, old-fashioned macroeconomics.
In fact, someone who learned economics from the original 1948 edition of Samuelson’s textbook would feel pretty much at home in today’s world.
If economists seem totally at sea, it’s because they have carefully unlearned the old wisdom.
If policy has failed, it’s because policy makers chose not to believe their own models.
On the analytical front: many economists these days reject out of hand the Keynesian model, preferring to believe that a fall in supply rather than a fall in demand is what causes recessions.
But there are clear implications of these rival approaches.
If the slump reflects some kind of supply shock, the monetary and fiscal policies followed since the beginning of 2008 would have the effects predicted in a supply-constrained world: large expansion of the monetary base should have led to high inflation, large budget deficits should have driven interest rates way up.
And as you may recall, a lot of people did make exactly that prediction.
A Keynesian approach, on the other hand, said that inflation would fall and interest rates stay low as long as the economy remained depressed.
Guess what happened?
On the policy front: there’s certainly a real debate over whether Obama could have gotten a bigger stimulus.
What we do know, however, is that his top advisers did not frame the argument for a small stimulus compared with the projected slump purely in political terms.
Instead, they argued that too big a plan would alarm the bond markets, and that anyway fiscal stimulus was only needed as an insurance policy.
Neither of these arguments came from macroeconomic theory; they were doctrines invented on the fly.
Samuelson 1948 would have said to provide a stimulus big enough to restore full employment — full stop.
So what we have here isn’t really a lack of a workable analytical framework.
The disaster we’re facing is the result of the refusal of economists, both in and out of the corridors of power, to go with the perfectly good framework we already had.
So I thought I’d produce a simple graphical summary of how I see the whole interest rates etc.
thing.
Why?
Well, I think little teachable models are always useful; and I always enjoy putting them together.
So here’s how I think about it: combine a Wicksell-type notion of a natural rate of interest — but it has to be a natural real rate of interest — with a Taylor-type description of monetary policy.
In the figure below, the flatter line (with a 45-degree slope) shows combinations of inflation and nominal interest rates at which the economy is at the natural rate of unemployment.
Inflation will accelerate if the economy is below that line, decelerate if it’s above.
Meanwhile, the steeper line is a Taylor rule describing the central bank’s behavior: it raise rates if inflation rises, lowers them if inflation falls.
The line has to be steeper than 45 degrees, or the thing is unstable.
In this picture, long-run equilibrium is where the two lines cross, at point 1.
Now suppose there’s an expansionary change in policy: the central bank sets the interest rate lower for any given rate of inflation.
This shifts the Taylor rule down and to the right: So what happens?
Initially the economy goes from 1 to 2: the interest rate falls.
Over time, however, inflation rises, and so do interest rates.
Eventually you end up at 3, with a higher rate of inflation and a higher interest rate.
The implication, of course, is that a policy that lowers interest rates in the short run ends up raising inflation — and interest rates — in the long run.
And, of course, a policy that raises rates in the short run ends up reducing inflation.
How could you disagree with this story?
Mainly, I guess, by denying that there really is any distinction between the short run and the long run — by arguing that inflation adjusts immediately.
But this poses some obvious reality issues.
First of all, if inflation isn’t sticky, how is it that the Fed can set short-term interest rates at all?
And it manifestly can.
Second, experience overwhelmingly shows that inflation changes only gradually in response to unemployment — see, for example, the experience of disinflation in the 70s and 80s.
OK, so the Kocherlakota dispute followed K’s very clear statement that the Fed’s current policy of low rates is deflationary.
That’s sheer nonsense.
And it remains disturbing both that a Fed president would say such a thing, and that there were economists eager to defend him.
Via Mark Thoma, Dean Baker points out that real government consumption of goods and services — that’s government buying things, as opposed to cutting taxes or handing out checks — has risen more in “austerity” Germany than in the United States.
Dean starts from 2008III, which is somewhat unorthodox; but his result is not, in fact, sensitive to the start date.
I can’t post a figure right now, due to an outage on the Princeton servers, but here’s a table, with 4th quarter 2007 as the baseline: Quarter Gemany US 2007Q4 100.0 100.0 2008Q1 100.4 100.6 2008Q2 101.5 100.8 2008Q3 101.7 102.2 2008Q4 102.5 102.9 2009Q1 103.6 102.5 2009Q2 104.2 103.8 2009Q3 105.1 104.0 2009Q4 104.8 103.9 2010Q1 106.9 103.8 2010Q2 107.3 104.5 What’s going on here?
It’s basically the Fifty Herbert Hoovers problem.
Because state and local governments can’t run persistent deficits, and because aid to those government was shortchanged, cutbacks at lower levels of government have undermined expansion at the federal level.
Overall government purchases have actually grown more slowly than the economy’s potential output.
So when people talk about Germany versus the US as austerity versus stimulus, you should ask, What austerity?
What stimulus?
Update: I meant to say that these are purchases by all levels of government in both countries.
I’ve written a lot about the invisible bond vigilantes who have terrorized policy makers, even though there’s no actual evidence for their existence.
But after Ben Bernanke’s speech this morning, it seems to be that I should also start writing about the invisible cavalry, which is always about to come to our rescue, but somehow never arrives.
Bernanke more or less admitted that the economic situation has developed not necessarily to America’s advantage, nothing like the growth he was predicting six months ago.
But he argued that 2011 will be better, because … well, it was hard to see exactly why.
He offered no major drivers of growth, just a general argument that businesses will invest more despite huge excess capacity, and consumers spend more despite still-huge debts and home prices that are likely to resume their decline.
Oh, and sure enough, he declared that inflation expectations are well-anchored, although the market says otherwise.
So: I guess this speech marked a small step toward QE2 and all that.
But mainly the message was that just around the corner, there’s a rainbow in the sky.
So I’m going to have another cup of coffee, but skip the pie (in the sky).
Brad DeLong and Mark Thoma continue to suffer from dropped-jaw syndrome over the fact that (1) a Federal Reserve bank president believes that low interest rates lead to deflation (2) economists who think they’re being sophisticated are actually defending him.
I don’t really believe that a clearer explanation of what’s wrong with the Kocherlakota view will change anyone’s mind — my experience is that nobody ever admits that they were wrong about anything, and that this is especially true of economists who thought they were being sophisticated when they were actually failing Econ 101.
But let’s give it a try, anyway.
So let’s look at it this way: instead of thinking of the Fed as setting the interest rate forever — which we’ve known since Wicksell it can’t do — think of it as following some kind of Taylor rule, in which the short-term interest rate depends positively on inflation and, maybe, negatively on the unemployment rate.
This is feasible, as long as the coefficient on inflation is bigger than one.
Now suppose that it changes the rule, so as to set either a higher or a lower interest rate at any given level of inflation.
What will happen to inflation and interest rates over time?
Suppose it shifts the Taylor rule up — that is, it tightens monetary policy, raising interest rates for any given set of economic conditions.
This will, in fact, raise interest rates in the short run.
However, over time inflation will fall, and in the long run lower inflation will be reflected in lower interest rates.
This isn’t just theory: it’s what happened, with a few bumps along the way, in the great Volcker disinflation: Conversely, a looser monetary policy will lead to lower rates in the short run, but higher rates in the long run.
What Kocherlakota and his defenders are doing is getting all of this backward: imagining that because in the long run low rates and low inflation go together, that loosening monetary policy — which reduces rates in the short run — actually causes disinflation and deflation.
That is, as Brad says, cargo-cult economics; or to put it another way, it’s as if the Williamson family, noticing that families with high spending tend to have high net worth, assumed that it could raise its net worth by spending more.
Does this make things any clearer?
Slight edit for clarity.
Something I wanted to put up before the Jackson Hole extravaganza: let’s watch and see how many Fed officials declare that expectations of future inflation are “well-anchored” (which is the favorite formulation).
Because, you know, they’re not.
Here’s a quick measure: the zero-coupon 5-year inflation swap, explained here.
It looks like this: Some anchor.
Update: Yes, I know that the second word is spelled differently in the song.
It’s deliberate on my part.
No weigh would I get confused.
Sorry, can’t resist.
That was the title of this Business Week article a few months ago.
The tone made it pretty clear that if you had any sense, you’d ignore the bearded academic and go with the market wizard: If [Krugman] makes you want to head for the hills with your shotgun and turnip seeds, consider another view, expressed the week prior at the London School of Economics.
The speaker was not a decorated academic with visions of 1873, he was a profit seeker, pure and simple: John Paulson, the hedge-fund manager on whose behalf Goldman Sachs (GS) cooked up those killer collateralized debt obligations designed to pay off handsomely in the event of a housing crash.
He was right about that one, you’ll recall.
“We’re in the middle of a sustained recovery in the U.S.,” Paulson declared in London.
“The risk of a double dip is less than 10 percent.” The housing market is now, he says, an attractive buying opportunity.
“It’s the best time to buy a house in America,” he said.
“California has been a leading indicator of the housing market, and it turned positive seven months ago.
I think we’re about to turn a corner.” No mention of a third depression.
So, how’s it going?
I’m sure that if Paulson had proved right, there would be a followup article mocking yours truly.
Wanna bet that there won’t be a piece saying that maybe professors know something that traders don’t?
I have to say, after Bush’s Social Security scheme collapsed five years ago, I never thought I’d be back over the same old ground so soon.
But Social Security is actually a key testing ground — it’s the place where you really see what people are after, and also get a sense of whether they’re at all honest about what they’re trying to do.
So: Pat Toomey supports replacing much of Social Security with a system of private accounts, but denies that this is privatization — and denounces those who use the term: I’ve never said I favor privatizing Social Security.
It’s a very misleading — it’s an intentionally misleading term.
And it is used by those who try to use it as a pejorative to scare people Oh, my.
Back in the 1990s the Cato Institute had something called The Project on Social Security Privatization, which issued papers like this one from Martin Feldstein: Privatizing Social Security: The $10 Trillion Opportunity.
Then the right discovered that “privatization” polled badly.
And suddenly, the term was a liberal plot — hey, we never said we’d do that.
Wait, it gets worse: Cato not only renamed its project, but it went back through the web site, trying to purge references to privatization.
Bush also tried to deny that he had ever used the word.
More here.
And here we go again.
So remember who originally called privatization privatization: the privatizers, that’s who.
Here’s a thought for all those insisting that there’s a bond bubble: how unreasonable are current long-term interest rates given current macroeconomic forecasts?
I mean, at this point almost everyone expects unemployment to stay high for years to come, and there’s every reason to expect low or even negative inflation for a long time too.
Shouldn’t that imply that the Fed will keep short-term rates near zero for a long time?
And shouldn’t that, in turn, mean that a low long-term rate is justified too?
So I decided to do a little exercise: what 10-year interest rate would make sense given the CBO projection of unemployment and inflation over the next decade?
(CBO also makes interest rate projections — but you’ll see in a minute why I want to roll my own.)
What we need, first of all, is a Taylor rule.
I decided to use the simplified Mankiw rule, which puts the same coefficient on core CPI inflation and unemployment.
That is, it says that the Fed funds rate is a linear function of core CPI inflation minus the unemployment rate.
Here’s what a scatterplot for 1988-2008 looks like: Right now, the Mankiw indicator is -8.5 — core inflation at about 1, unemployment at 9.5.
As you can see, that implies a majorly negative interest rate; what we actually get is zero.
Now, take the CBO projection, which calls for unemployment to fall very slowly, and core inflation to stay low for quite a while too.
Here’s what it implies for the Fed funds rate, taking the zero lower bound into account: That’s right: four years of near-zero short-term interest rates.
Does a 10-year rate of 2.6 percent still sound so unreasonable?
And bear in mind that I’m not using some doomsayer’s forecast; I’m using the staid folks at the CBO.
And just for the heck of it, I asked what interest rate on a 10-year security would yield the same present value as investing in short-term debt at the predicted rates, and rolling it over each year.
(Actually, I cheated slightly, because I was getting tired; I considered a bond in which there are no payments along the way, just repayment of accumulated interest and principal in year 10; but I’m pretty sure it doesn’t make much difference).
And the implied interest rate was … 2.6 percent.
Here’s what I think is going on: aside from the obviously intense desire of some of the bond bubble folks to see a fiscal crisis — they’ve been planning for it, and they’re not going to take no for an answer — my sense is that a lot of people just can’t bring themselves to face the reality that we’re likely to be in a zero-interest world for a long time.
They just keep assuming that the Fed is going to raise rates soon, even though there is absolutely nothing about the macro situation that would justify such a rate increase.
But once again: if you take standard economic forecasts seriously, they point to near-zero short-term rates for a very long time, which in turn justifies low longer-term rates.
Remember Japan.
Things are looking bleak for the economy; Goldman Sachs (no link) is predicting that 2nd quarter GDP growth will be revised down to 1.1%, and it’s downhill from here.
Yet from late 2009 until just the other day, all the Very Serious People were mainly concerned about the possibility of surging interest rates.
Why?
I was looking back at some of my own notes about what happened last fall.
At the time, there was serious consideration among the Obama people of pushing for some kind of second stimulus; what its chances might have been is hard to say.
But the point is that they backed off.
Why?
My understanding is that they bought into the big scare of the time, which was that there was a “carry trade bubble” in the bond market, and terrible things would happen when it burst.
No, this never made sense.
Anyone who looked at recent Japanese history should have realized that with a depressed economy, low rates could and did last a very long time.
And some of the scenarios being proposed were just plain bizarre: the bond bubble will burst, and this will plunge us into recession, and the Fed will have to buy up government debt, and this will mean inflation too.
Really.
And then the whole story shifted: suddenly it wasn’t the carry trade, it was sovereign debt risks, we’re all Greece.
And now there’s a new one: you see, low interest rates will cause deflation.
Really (near the end).
And though the story shifts, the moral is always the same: the little people have to suffer.
So policy makers live in awe of savage priests, who demand that we sacrifice virgins to the invisible gods of the bond market.
But what puzzles me is this: why do the priests have such influence?
Never mind the victims (we never do); anyone who listened to the priests has lost a lot of money.
A case in point: Morgan Stanley, the most bearish among the 18 primary dealers that trade government securities with the Federal Reserve, acknowledged that its forecast that Treasury yields would rise this year was misguided.
… Morgan Stanley had forecast that a strengthening U.S. economy would lead to private credit demand, higher stock prices and diminish the refuge appeal of Treasuries, pushing yields higher.
David Greenlaw, chief fixed-income economist at Morgan Stanley, said in December that yields on benchmark 10-year notes would climb about 40 percent to 5.5 percent, the biggest annual increase since 1999.
The firm reduced its forecast to 4.5 percent in May and to 3.5 percent last week.
The 10-year note yield fell as much as 4 basis points to 2.53 percent today, the lowest level since March 2009.
Yields have declined 10 basis points in the last five days and about 46 basis points in four weeks.
I wrote about this forecast in November 2009, because I believed that such predictions were having a big impact on the Obama administration.
And I tried to point out then that the same people confidently declaring that there was a bubble in the bond market completely missed the housing bubble.
And yet these people continue to influence policy.
I’ve just finished rereading Richard Koo’s The Holy Grail of Macroeconomics, as part of a multi-book review project.
It’s one of the few books out there that talks about what you should do in the aftermath of a burst bubble — almost everyone else obsesses on the causes of the bubble, and possibly on how to prevent the next bubble, neither of which is the clear and present issue.
There’s a lot to like in Koo’s idea of balance-sheet recessions — how an overhang of corporate debt held down Japan’s economy, how an overhang of household debt is doing the same to America.
And Koo is unique — which is a good thing — in arguing both that protracted deficits are sometimes desirable, and that Japan is actually a success story in the sense that its deficits made it possible to repair corporate balance sheets without a Great-Depression-level slump.
I do have a beef with his book, however.
Koo makes a good case for the important of balance sheets, and the usefulness of fiscal policy.
But he goes on the warpath, not just against the idea that monetary policy can do it all, but against the idea that it can do any good whatsoever.
And I think that’s wrong.
Here’s how I would put the implicit argument Koo is making: Think of the financial surplus the private sector “wants” to run — the surplus it would run if the economy were at full employment — as a function of the interest rate: In normal times the central bank can reduce interest rates enough to set this surplus at zero, or no larger than the public sector deficit, thus ensuring full employment.
But after a shock to balance sheets, say from a burst bubble, the private sector tries to run a big surplus as it pays down debt.
This puts you in paradox of thrift, fallacy of composition territory: you can’t cut rates enough to stop the demand to run a surplus, yet unless someone else runs a corresponding deficit, the collective attempt to run surpluses leads to a persistently depressed economy.
Yet as the figure suggests, anything you can do to bring the real interest rate lower — say, by credibly promising future inflation — will at least help, diminishing the need for fiscal deficits.
But Koo says no — he’s dead set against any form of monetary expansion or inflation targeting, even as a supplement to fiscal policy.
His position seems to be that interest rates literally make no difference whatsoever when you’re in a balance-sheet recession; that is, his picture implicitly looks like this: I don’t understand this.
Maybe the relationship gets steeper, because many corporations and/or households are balance-sheet constrained.
But all of them?
The economy is a big, complicated place; surely there’s some margin somewhere.
And I don’t understand at all his argument that monetary expansion is positively harmful.
He seems to be making up arguments on the fly here; he’s so determined to defend the primacy of fiscal policy that he has to insist that anything else is a very bad thing.
(In that sense, I guess, he’s the anti-Scott Sumner).
Oh, and finally, surely some inflation would help by reducing the real debt overhang; that’s arguably an important part of the reason World War II put a final period on the Great Depression.
Anyway, that’s where I am on Koo.
Sadly, it looks as if we’re going to have to fight the Social Security fight all over again, with the same old disingenuous arguments making the rounds.
So let me return to an oldie but baddie: the there-is-no-trust-fund nonsense.
How should we think about Social Security?
It’s a government program supported by a dedicated tax; like other such programs, like the highway fund, it can bank surpluses in years when the dedicated tax yields more revenue than the program’s costs, and use those banked funds to cover shortfalls in other years.
Of course, it’s also part of the general federal budget.
This means that Congress always has the option either of undedicating the revenue from the payroll tax (or seizing the trust fund, which is basically undedicating past revenues), or of topping up Social Security by adding more funds.
However, either of these options would amount to a political earthquake; so the program’s independent financing has real significance as a practical matter.
So there are two ways to look at Social Security.
You can view it as a stand alone program, in which case payroll tax revenues and the trust fund accumulated out of those revenues are at the center of the story; or you can view it as just part of the federal budget, in which case the relative size of retirement benefits and payroll tax receipts has no special significance — benefits are just one federal expenditure, payroll taxes just one source of federal revenue.
These views aren’t contradictory; which one you want to emphasize depends on what question you’re trying to answer.
If you want to know when Social Security, per se, will have a crisis, requiring either benefit cuts or new funding, you want to take the standalone view.
If you want to think about the broad direction of the federal budget, you want to just fold Social Security into the total.
But here’s what you can’t legitimately do: you can’t switch views in midstream.
You can’t say that Social Security is just part of the federal budget, so the trust fund is meaningless — then say that because there’s no real trust fund, Social Security is in crisis when payroll receipts fall short of benefits.
Either you adopt the integrated-budget view, in which payroll taxes and retirement benefits have nothing to do with each other, or you focus on dedicated financing, in which case the trust fund has to count too.
Or to put it a bit differently: there’s no valid approach under which Social Security surpluses don’t count but Social Security deficits do.
All of which makes it alarming that the co-chair of the deficit commission is making that very claim.
Update: One more point worth making: what would we say about the financial implications of a plan to reduce Social Security outlays, say by killing off old people raising the retirement age?
From the standalone point of view, it would improve the prospects of the trust fund.
From the integrated view, it would reduce the prospective budget deficit.
Saying that it does both things isn’t double-counting; it’s just acknowledges that there are two different criteria here.
And you can be sure that if and when the deficit commission unveils its proposal to make old people eat catfood reduce future Social Security benefits, it will make precisely that claim.
Somehow, though, when it comes to Medicare cost savings under the new health reform, making that completely reasonable statement is outrageous double-counting.
But actually it’s the other way around.
And the fact that, to a growing extent, the less prosperous don’t live as long has important implications.
You see, the buzz increasingly suggests that the catfood deficit commission will call for a rise in the age at which people can collect full Social Security — justified by rising life expectancy.
This is a really terrible idea, for at least three reasons.
1.
The retirement age has already been increased to 66, and is scheduled to rise to 67.
So any further increase would mean pushing retirement back to unprecedented ages.
Yes, a lot of people live to 70; how many of them are really able, easily, to work that late into life?
2.
While life expectancy is rising, life expectancy at age 65 — which is what is relevant here — isn’t rising nearly as fast.
3.
Finally, disparities in life expectancy have been rising sharply, with much smaller gains for disadvantaged socioeconomic groups and/or those with less education than the average.
Yet these are precisely the people who depend most on Social Security.
Here’s a chart from the CBO documenting points 2 and 3: The point is that raising the retirement age sounds reasonable to well-educated, highly-paid people, who can expect a long, rich life after 65.
But they’re not the people who need Social Security in the first place.
Update: It turns out that the good people at EPI got there well ahead of me.
They point us to this study by the Social Security Administration, which shows (Table 4) that men in the bottom half of the earnings distribution saw their life expectancy at age 65 rise only 1.1 years from 1982 to 2006.
Over the same period, by the way, the retirement age — under current law — rose 8 months.
Hoo boy, if Social Security is the big thing in the next few months — which is starting to look possible — it’s going to be like old times again, shooting down all the usual fallacies one more time.
So: one thing you’re going to hear is something along the lines of, “In 1950 life expectancy was only 68 years, so hardly anyone was collecting Social Security; now it’s 78 years — the problem is obvious”.
Does anyone know what’s wrong with this?
You over there in the corner?
That’s right: a life expectancy of 68 years doesn’t mean that a lot of people toddle along then suddenly keel over over after threescore and eight birthdays.
Mostly it meant much higher child mortality than we have now, which has no relevance one way or the other to Social Security.
Much more to the point is the number of years people could expect to live after reaching 65: 14 years in 1950, 18.5 years now.
Not so impressive a change, is it?
And the retirement age is already 66 for my cohort, and scheduled to rise to 67 on current law.
Oh, and by the way, rising life expectancy was built into Social Security planning from the beginning.
The big surprise has, if anything, been stagnating life expectancy among less affluent Americans.
There’s an important new paper from the IMF about inflation in the face of Prolonged Large Output Gaps — yes, PLOGs.
You can think of it as a careful, multi-country version of the quick-and-dirty analysis of US experience I did recently, with an assist from Tim Duy.
What the analysis shows is that prolonged periods of economic weakness are, with almost no exceptions, associated with falling inflation rates.
The analysis also suggests something else, however: as the inflation rate goes toward zero, it seems to become “sticky”: in the modern world, rapid deflation doesn’t happen, and in fact slight positive inflation often persists in the face of an obviously depressed economy: The authors discuss several possible explanations, but it does seem as if downward nominal rigidity is playing a role.
And this raises the specter what I think of as the price stability trap: suppose that it’s early 2012, the US unemployment rate is around 10 percent, and core inflation is running at 0.3 percent.
The Fed should be moving heaven and earth to do something about the economy — but what you see instead is many people at the Fed, especially at the regional banks, saying “Look, we don’t have actual deflation, or anyway not much, so we’re achieving price stability.
What’s the problem?” And the slump will just go on.
Jonathan Chait — yes, this time I’ve got the right TNR JC — writes about the WSJ’s contention that “Washington” is ganging up on poor Paul Ryan: Ryan has been riding months of slobbering praise from the conservative press.
I realize that doesn’t count, because “Washington” in conservative-speak is an epithet that by definition excludes conservatives.
So, working within the conservative movement’s definition of “Washington,” let us tally up the litany of Ryan’s persecution: He was the subject of a flattering Washington Post profile about the boldness of his plan that featured no policy analysts pointing out that the Ryan plan would increase the deficit over the next decade even if its wildly implausible spending caps were implemented.
The same day he was the subject of a flattering New York Times profile that expounded the same theme and suffered from the same crippling flaw.
Then Paul Krugman wrote an opinion column pointing out some of the massively misleading or unrealistic aspects of Ryan’s alleged plan to balance the budget.
Next my friend Ted Gayer, who runs the economic department at Brookings, wrote an item defending Ryan on the grounds that he means well and deserves to be granted an extreme benefit of the doubt when judging the massive flaws in his plan.
Then Washington Post blogger Ezra Klein wrote a blog item also vouching for Ryan’s character and good faith.
Then today, the Times wrote another story about Ryan, saying he’d be the perfect person to negotiate a balanced budget with, regardless whether his plan really would balance the budget or massively increase it.
Is this really a picture of Washington ganging up on Ryan?
It seems just the opposite.
He is being embraced and defended by the establishment and credited with good intentions that are not at all manifest in his record or in his proposal, with one opinion columnist being the sole dissenting voice.
Clearly, the only way to make sense of this is to say that I, personally, am Washington — even though I live and work in New Jersey.
You got a problem with that?
So R-R have a new article in Vox that, they say, aims to “clarify matters”.
I don’t feel clarified.
The original paper on debt and growth presented a stark correlation between high debt and low growth, and seemed to say that this was a causal relationship.
In practice, the article has been widely used to claim that there’s a red line of 90 percent in the public debt to GDP ratio that one crosses at one’s peril.
Skeptics like me quickly questioned the causal interpretation of the correlation.
We pointed out that in the case of the United States, highlighted in the original paper, the debt-growth correlation came entirely from the immediate postwar years, when growth was low thanks to postwar demobilization.
We pointed out that other episodes of high debt and low growth, like Japan since the late 1990s, were arguably cases in which causation ran from collapsing growth to debt rather than the other way around.
So surely the question is how much of the correlation survives once we restrict ourselves to cases in which the causation is plausibly from debt to poor growth, rather than likely being spurious or reversed.
But R-R don’t offer any response to that question.
They do give us a list of peacetime high-debt episodes: the 1920s and 1980s to the present in Belgium, the 1920s in France, Greece in the 1920s, 1930s and 1990s to the present, Ireland in the 1980s, Italy in the 1990s, Spain at the turn of the last century, the UK in the interwar period and prior to the 1860s and, of course, Japan in the past decade.
If I’m reading this right, then the postwar cases other than Japan — which I’ve argued looks like reverse causation — are Belgium, Ireland, and Italy.
Are these cases enough to bear the weight now being placed on that supposed 90 percent red line?
I’m also puzzled by the way R-R deal with the reverse causation argument: they admit it can happen, but argue that causation doesn’t always run from growth to debt, but can run the other way.
Isn’t that attacking a straw man?
Anyway, I come out of this with no more clarity than I had going in; I still don’t know what, if anything, the R-R data tell us about the growth effects of debt at the levels now in prospect.
This is disgusting: Senate Republicans holding up Peter Diamond’s nomination to the Federal Reserve Board on the grounds that he may not be qualified to make monetary policy.
Aside from the fact that the same Senators cheerfully confirmed Bush nominees who didn’t know much about economics of any kind, this is especially stupid right now.
Why?
Because right now one of the hot topics is whether the apparent shift in the Beveridge curve signals a rise in structural unemployment — and Diamond wrote the seminal paper on the whole subject — the top result on Google scholar.
Diamond is exactly the man we need — which, given the way things have been going lately, probably means he won’t get confirmed.
Update: Some commenters note, correctly, that there’s an ongoing dispute over what the rise in vacancies without a corresponding fall in unemployment means.
But that’s precisely the point: we want Peter Diamond, who pioneered the whole study of this subject, in the Fed, where he can help make sense of the situation.
If we could wave away political reality, I’d let all the Bush tax cuts expire, and use the improvement in the budget outlook to justify a large, temporary increase in public spending.
Unfortunately, that’s not going to happen.
Given the political realities, I’d go for a temporary extension of the lower-end cuts, and just letting the upper-end cuts expire.
Why?
It comes down to the dual fiscal problem the U.S. economy faces: short-term, the government needs to do all it can to prop up spending; long-term, it needs to reduce the deficit.
The latter concern means that it would be a terrible idea to make the high-end tax cuts permanent; that would be a huge drain on the public finances, serving no good purpose.
But why not a temporary extension?
Because it would do very little to promote spending.
The basic framework we have for thinking about consumer spending goes back to none other than Milton Friedman, whose “permanent income” hypothesis says that people will save most of any income change they see as merely transitory.
Telling rich people that we’ll keep their taxes low for a couple more years is, for them, a transitory income gain; they’ll save the bulk of it.
Isn’t the same true for lower-income people?
Not to the same extent.
Permanent-income reasoning doesn’t fully apply when some people are “liquidity-constrained” — they have depressed income, which would make them want to spend more than they earn right now, but they’re out of assets and unable to borrow, or unable to borrow except at relatively high interest rates.
People in that situation will spend much or all of any temporary windfall.
So if we give money to people likely to be liquidity-constrained, they are likely to spend it.
That’s why aid to the unemployed is an effective stimulus; it also suggests that tax cuts for lower-income workers will be relatively effective at raising demand.
But the affluent, who typically have lots of assets and good access to borrowing, are much less likely to be in that situation.
So tax cuts for the lower 60 or 80 percent of the population are an OK, not great but OK, form of stimulus; tax cuts for the top 2 percent, not at all.
So: let the high-end Bush tax cuts go.
One of the things everyone knows right now is that Obama has presided over a huge increase in government spending.
But like so many of the things everyone knows, it isn’t true.
A few considerations to bear in mind: 1.
You don’t want dollar amounts, especially when comparing over time; you really want to scale spending by the size of the US economy.
2.
But even dividing by GDP isn’t quite enough, because we’re still a deeply depressed economy, so government spending as a share of GDP will look high even if actual spending hasn’t risen at all, simply because it’s divided by a smaller number.
So a better guide is spending as a share of potential GDP, for which I use the CBO measure.
3.
You really want to consolidate federal spending with state and local — especially because a significant part of the stimulus was aid to state and local governments designed to help them limit spending cuts.
So what do the numbers look like when you look at total government spending as a percentage of potential GDP?
At first sight, it depends on how you measure government spending.
If you consider government consumption and investment spending — that’s the government actually hiring workers, building roads, employing bureaucrats, and all that — it looks like this: Feel the surge!
What’s going on here?
Basically, the Obama stimulus didn’t contain a lot of public works — and those works, such as they are, have only partially come on line.
Meanwhile, aid to state and local governments wasn’t enough to prevent substantial cuts.
So by this measure, government spending has gone nowhere.
Now, the picture looks a little different if you look at all government spending, a number that includes Social Security, Medicare, and other transfer payments: This has gone up — but why?
There haven’t been any large new social programs — health reform, which actually isn’t that big anyway, won’t start spending in earnest until 2014.
As best as I can tell, the main cause of the rise in total spending is a surge in spending on safety net programs, which are spending more because more people are in distress.
Unemployment insurance alone seems to account for almost half the rise: In short, the giant increases in government spending we keep hearing about are a myth; if there had been more truth to that myth, the economy wouldn’t be as depressed as it is.
Stan Collender has a terrific piece about the bond market that I wish I had written (I can offer no higher praise).
The key takeaway: It’s clear that the bond market is now giving at least as strong a signal about its desired fiscal policy as it did in the early 1990s.
But instead of demanding reductions in the deficit and government borrowing and threatening higher interest rates if those don’t happen, today’s vigilantes are unmistakably saying just the opposite.
They want Washington to do more to stimulate the economy, and they welcome the deficit and debt it will take to do it.
In other words, the former bond market vigilantes have now become the biggest supporters of federal deficits and borrowing.
I’ll follow in Yardeni’s footsteps and call them bond market deficit cheerleaders.
Just to add a further point: the austerity now now now crowd poses as the sober voices warning governments not to ignore the dictates of all-powerful financial markets.
But the signals from the financial markets don’t at all point to a need for early austerity.
So what the austerity people are in effect saying is that they are smarter than bond investors — that they know what the bond market is going to want, it just doesn’t know it yet.
And on this basis they want us to ignore the plight of tens of millions of jobless workers.
Remember this?
May 29, 2009: They’re back.
We refer to the global investors once known as the bond vigilantes, who demanded higher Treasury bond yields from the late 1970s through the 1990s whenever inflation fears popped up, and as a result disciplined U.S. policy makers.
The vigilantes vanished earlier this decade amid the credit mania, but they appear to be returning with a vengeance now that Congress and the Federal Reserve have flooded the world with dollars to beat the recession.
Treasury yields leapt again yesterday at the long end, with the 10-year note climbing above 3.7%, its highest close since November … as risk aversion subsides, and investors return to corporate bonds and other assets, investors are now calculating the risks of renewed dollar inflation.
Bond yield as of yesterday: 2.91 percent.
What I’ve never quite understood is why so many investors still loooove the likes of the WSJ editorial page, while they hate, hate, hate people like, well, me — when believing anything the former says has historically been a very good way to lose a lot of money.
A followup on the question of deflation risks: it’s worth bearing in mind that the last year and a half has been a fairly clean test of alternative views about how the economy works.
When the economy slumped, budget deficits skyrocketed, and the Fed began large-scale asset purchases, there were two kinds of people: people who divide people into two kinds, and people who don’t On one side were people who said that deficits would drive interest rates way up, crowding out private investment, and that all that money printing would lead to high inflation.
On the other were those who said that we’d entered a Japan-type liquidity trap, which meant that (a) there was a savings glut, so deficits would not crowd out private investment and interest rates would stay low (b) increases in the monetary base would just sit there, (c) the risk was deflation, not inflation.
And so far, the inflationistas have been completely wrong, the deflationistas completely right.
This wasn’t a coincidence.
For the most part, the inflationistas basically argued that nothing changes when the economy is depressed and short-term interest rates are up against the zero lower bound: the quantity theory of money still rules, and interest rates reflect supply and demand in the loanable funds market.
The deflationistas knew — based on study both of Japan and of the 1930s — that everything changes when you’re in the liquidity trap.
And recent experience shows just how true that insight is.
I’ve been surprised by a lot of things since the financial crisis broke, few of them good.
One of the truly amazing things, however, is the return of full, 1930s-type liquidationism — the idea that a slump serves a useful purpose, and that stimulating the economy, even through monetary policy, is a mistake.
And so we have Raghuram Rajan in today’s FT arguing that with 9.5 percent unemployment, long-term unemployment at record levels, and falling inflation, we need to … raise interest rates: This crisis followed a period, from 2002-2004, when monetary policy had done too much heavy lifting.
The US had far too much productive capacity devoted to houses and cars, because consumers could obtain financing for them easily.
With households now struggling with this remaining debt, should we expect them to spend beyond their means again, or ask them to do so?
Moreover, if consumers are now going to want fewer houses and cars, a significant number of jobs will disappear permanently.
Workers who know how to build houses, or to sell or finance them, will have to learn new skills.
This means resources have to be reallocated into other sectors to ensure a robust recovery, not simply a resumption of the old binge.
But this will not necessarily be facilitated by ultra-low interest rates.
This is all familiar to students of the history of thought; there’s virtually no difference between what Rajan is saying now and what Schumpeter said in the midst of global economic collapse: I’ve written about this before; but let me add a few numbers.
Is it at all reasonable to attribute high unemployment now to the need to shift the economy out of housing and cars?
OK, I actually haven’t taken cars into account; someone with more time can do that.
But let’s look at the role of job losses in construction versus other sectors, since December 2007.
It looks like this: If high unemployment were largely about shifting workers out of an overblown construction sector, wouldn’t you expect job losses to be concentrated in that sector?
Wouldn’t you expect employment elsewhere to be, if anything, rising?
In fact, however, the vast majority of job losses have occurred in parts of the economy with little direct connection to the housing bubble.
Yes, as a percentage job losses have been much larger in construction; but nothing in Rajan’s argument explains why we shouldn’t be using policy in an attempt to prevent vast job losses in parts of the economy that aren’t overblown.
I’d add that even if you think structural unemployment has gone up, it clearly hasn’t risen enough to stop a slide toward deflation — and if it has risen, the slump is arguably a cause, not an effect, of that rise.
Anyway, to go back to the beginning: it’s amazing, and depressing in multiple senses, that we’re having to replay all these old debates.
Good news: more people at the Fed are taking the risk of a Japanese-type trap seriously.
But not all of them: “I think the fear of deflation in and of itself is probably overblown, from my perspective,” Charles I. Plosser, president of the Philadelphia Fed, said last week in an interview.
He said that inflation expectations were “well anchored” and noted that $1 trillion in bank reserves was sitting at the Fed.
“It’s hard to imagine with that much money sitting around, you would have a prolonged period of deflation,” he said.
Atrios asks whether this makes sense.
No, it doesn’t.
I mean, if we’re talking about the risk of turning Japanese, shouldn’t we, um, look at Japanese experience?
Here’s Japan’s monetary base — the sum of bank reserves and currency in circulation — from 1995 to 2005: All that money sitting there — and deflation continued apace.
I remember Taka Ito telling me that the only consumer durable selling well was … safes.
When you’re in a liquidity trap, the size of the base doesn’t matter.
But at least some Fed types are getting it.
Why does man kill?
He kills for food.
And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage.
— Woody Allen Apropos this post, Mark Thoma reminds me that he wrote about the shifting Beveridge curve a little while ago, linking to David Altig.
Here’s the worry, and the puzzle: in general, we expect high unemployment to be associated with low numbers of job vacancies, loosely speaking because employers, facing a buyers’ market, should be able to fill positions quickly.
An upward shift in this relationship might therefore indicate a worse-functioning job market — say, because employers find a higher proportion of the unemployed unsuitable workers.
And in the past, shifts of the Beveridge curve relating unemployment to vacancies seem to have been associated with movements in the NAIRU.
So now we face what looks like an abrupt shift for the worse: What’s driving this shift?
One scary possibility is that we’re rapidly developing a case of Eurosclerosis, as the long-term unemployed come to be seen as unemployable.
Another possibility is that it has something to do with the housing market: workers are trapped in place by homes they can’t sell, or by negative equity, and can’t move to where jobs are.
Anyway, there’s something happening here; what it is ain’t exactly clear; but it’s probably not good.
That’s basically the thrust of Mort Zuckerman’s op-ed accusing Obama of “demonizing” business.
The op-ed contains the usual — false claims that Fannie and Freddie caused the financial crisis, false claims that fear of government policy — as opposed to weak demand — is holding back investment and hiring.
But I was struck by this passage: The predilection to blame business was manifest in one of President Barack Obama’s recent speeches.
He was supposed to be seeking the support of the business community for a doubling of exports over the next five years.
Instead he lashed out at “unscrupulous and underhanded businesses, who are unencumbered by any restriction on activities that might harm the environment, take advantage of middle-class families, or, as we’ve seen, threaten to bring down the entire financial system.” This kind of gratuitous and overstated demonisation – widely seen in the business community as a resort to economic populism on the part of Mr Obama to shore up the growing weakness in his political standing – is exactly the wrong approach.
That sounded odd, since Obama is not, in fact, given to random business-bashing.
So what’s the context?
Here’s what Obama actually said: Too much regulation or too much spending can stifle innovation, can hamper confidence and growth, and hurt business and families.
A government that does too little can be just as irresponsible as a government that does too much — because, for example, in the absence of sound oversight, responsible businesses are forced to compete against unscrupulous and underhanded businesses, who are unencumbered by any restrictions on activities that might harm the environment, or take advantage of middle-class families, or threaten to bring down the entire financial system.
That’s bad for everybody.
Kind of different, isn’t it?
That’s only business-bashing if you believe that there’s no such thing as businesses who cut costs by ignoring the environmental impact of their activities, or take risks that end up endangering the financial system.
If so, I wish I lived on your planet.
I think this is telling.
This is the only actual example of Obama’s alleged demonization of business that Zuckerman offers — and it’s essentially a mini-Breitbart, a quote taken out of context to make it seem as if Obama was saying something he wasn’t.
That’s typical of the whole argument.
Oh, and one more thing: are there no copy editors at the FT?
When I quote someone in my column, I supply the source material, and my copy editor checks, not just to be sure that the quote is accurate, but that it’s not taken out of context.
But I guess such rules don’t apply if you’re a conservative.
John Irons and Josh Bivens have the best takedown yet of the Reinhart-Rogoff paper (pdf) claiming that debt over 90 percent of GDP leads to drastically slower growth.
R-R specifically highlight the case of the United States: Irons and Bivens show, in a nice clean chart, what’s really going on: It’s all, repeat all, the postwar demobilization.
I think we can say that this paper has been completely discredited.
I’m actually sort of shocked that R-R apparently failed even to notice that all of their high-debt observations for the US — and remember, it was their own choice to highlight US data — come from the years immediately after World War II, and to think about what that means.
Brad DeLong, commenting on Greg Mankiw, writes: Mankiw’s broader point is that since we have seen nothing like this before except for the Great Depression, we should be humble and risk averse–and hence have the government stand back and wash its hands of the situation.
However, even a minor and hasty acquaintance with the Great Depression teaches that the belief that the government should stand back and wash its hands because the self-regulating market quickly returns to full-employment equilibrium is the most arrogant belief possible.
And even a minor and hasty acquaintance with the Great Depression teaches that having the government stand back and wash its hands is the most risky strategy conceivable.
Quite.
I really don’t think people appreciate the huge dangers posed by a weak response to 9 1/2 percent unemployment, and the highest rate of long-term unemployment ever recorded: Right now, I’m reading Larry Ball on hysteresis in unemployment (pdf) — the tendency of high unemployment to become permanent.
Ball provides compelling evidence that weak policy responses to high unemployment tend to raise the level of structural unemployment, so that inflation tends to rise at much higher unemployment rates than before.
And the kind of unemployment we’re experiencing now, with many workers jobless for very long periods, is precisely the kind of unemployment likely to leave workers permanently unemployable.
And there are already indications that this is happening.
Bill Dickens, one of the people has who worked on downward nominal rigidity, tells me that the Beveridge curve — the relationship between job vacancies and the unemployment rate — already seems to have shifted out dramatically.
This has, in the past, been a sign of a major worsening in the NAIRU, the non-accelerating-inflation rate of unemployment.
The point is that while policy makers may think they’re being prudent and appropriately cautious in their responses to unemployment, there’s a good chance that they’re prudenting and cautiousing us into a long-term jobs catastrophe.
Jon Hilsenrath has a nice piece on the puzzles of gradual deflation, Japan-style.
But I’m not sure whether readers will understand quite what the puzzle is — and they certainly wouldn’t gather from the article that there’s actually a literature about this puzzle.
So here’s the underlying puzzle: since Friedman and Phelps laid out the natural rate hypothesis in the 60s, applied macroeconomics has relied on some kind of inflation-adjusted Phillips curve, along the lines of Actual inflation = A + B * (output gap) + Expected inflation where the output gap is the difference between actual and potential output, and A and B are estimated parameters.
(The output gap is closely correlated with the unemployment rate).
Expected inflation, in turn, is assumed to reflect recent past experience.
This relationship predicts falling inflation when the economy is depressed and the output gap is negative, rising inflation when the economy is overheating and the output gap is positive; this prediction works fairly well for modern US experience, explaining in particular the disinflation of the Volcker recession of the 1980s and the disinflation we’re experiencing now.
But here’s the thing: the inflation-adjusted Phillips curve predicts not just deflation, but accelerating deflation in the face of a really prolonged economic slump.
Suppose that the economy is sufficiently depressed that with expected inflation at 3 percent, actual inflation comes out only 1; expectations will actually eventually catch up, so that if the economy remains depressed we’d expect inflation to go to -1; but if the economy remains depressed even longer, we’d expect inflation to go to -3, then -5, and so on.
In reality, this doesn’t happen.
Prices fell sharply at the beginning of the Great Depression, when the real economy was collapsing; but they began rising again when the economy began to recover, even though there was still a huge negative output gap.
Japan has been depressed since before incoming freshmen were born, but its chronic deflation has never turned into a rapid downward spiral.
So what’s going on?
There’s a body of work I’m surprised we haven’t been hearing more about: the downward nominal wage rigidity literature.
I learned about the concept from Pierre Fortin; Mr. Janet Yellin, aka George Akerlof, and co-authors wrote quite a lot about it.
(Sorry, don’t have time to search for unprotected versions).
What this literature argues is that, probably due to bounded rationality, there’s some downward inflexibility in prices and wages even after expectations have had time to fully adjust.
And there’s a fair bit of empirical evidence to that effect.
Why is this important?
First of all, it explains how sustained gradual deflation can persist.
Second, it offers a reason — above and beyond concerns about the zero lower bound — to target a significantly positive inflation rate: at low inflation, more prices and wages will “want” to fall, but be blocked by downward rigidity; so even in the long run, the Phillips curve isn’t vertical at low inflation, and you can get permanently lower unemployment by accepting, say, 4 percent inflation rather than insisting on stable prices.
Third — and I fear that this is going to be a major issue in the future — it’s important to take account of downward rigidity so as not to get fooled into accepting a persistently depressed economy as normal.
Picture America in, oh, 2014: unemployment is still around 9 percent, prices are falling about 1 percent a year.
Many economists might look at that situation and say, well, deflation is stable, not accelerating, so we must be at the natural rate of unemployment — move along, folks, nothing to see here.
So it’s time to start focusing on downward rigidity and what it implies.
After all, all indications are that we’re going to be dealing with a depressed economy for a long time to come.
Aha.
An update on Chocfinger: I was trying to remember exactly how the underlying model behind my old copper-corner column worked.
It was actually an application of the logic of my even older reciprocal dumping (pdf) work with Jim Brander.
Consider a two-period market in some good, with the possibility of storing some of that good in period 1 and selling it in period 2.
Assume, however, that with a competitive market it’s not worth actually doing that — either the expected future price is lower than the current price, or it’s not enough higher to offset interest and storage costs.
But now suppose that some trader has managed to surreptitiously take possession of a large fraction of the period 1 supply, before it went to market.
Does he have an incentive to hold some of that supply off the market, and in effect dump it into period 2?
Yes!
Suppose he owns a million candy bars: by taking one of those bars off the market until period 2, he may lose some money on that bar, but he drives up the price on the other 999,999 bars.
This may give him an incentive to “dump” some of his candy into the next period, even if it looks on the surface like a money-losing proposition.
Or to put it another way, by acquiring a large share of period 1 supply, Chocfinger may have created a situation in which his marginal revenue from a current (as opposed to future) candy bar sale is quite low, making it profitable to hold bars off the market.
Fun stuff, if you have an economist’s warped view of what constitutes fun.
Oh, and look at how I ended that old Slate piece: The funny thing about the Sumitomo affair is that if you ignore the exotic trimmings–the Japanese names, the Chinese connection–it’s a story right out of the robber-baron era, the days of Jay Gould and Jim Fisk.
There has been a worldwide rush to deregulate financial markets, to bring back the good old days of the 19th century when investors were free to make money however they saw fit.
Maybe the Sumitomo affair will remind us that not all the profitable things unfettered investors can do with their money are socially productive; maybe it will even remind us why we regulated financial markets in the first place.
It didn’t, of course — and the costs of deregulation have exceeded my wildest expectations.
Interesting story in today’s Times about Anthony Ward, aka Chocfinger.
I actually wrote about a somewhat similar case 14 years ago, in that case in the copper market; back then, I did a bit of analysis in terms of the old Samuelson model of intertemporal speculation and realized that cornering the market in a storable commodity can indeed be profitable, under the right conditions.
I guess the question here is whether Ward really has pulled off an old-fashioned corner, or was simply an investor who properly anticipated price trends.
Some readers are clearly confused about my stance on unconventional monetary policy.
In some posts I have expressed skepticism about how effective the Fed can be; in others I have called on the Fed to do more.
But these aren’t contradictory positions.
I believe that given the grim economic situation, all players in the game should be trying to do whatever they can.
There are other things the Fed can do; they would help; uncertainty about how much they would help shouldn’t be a reason not to try.
But it would be a big mistake to count on monetary policy alone.
The zero lower bound on short rates really does matter, even if longer-term rates are positive.
The Fed can control short-term interest rates, it can influence long rates — there’s a world of difference between those two statements.
So it’s not safe to assume that the Fed can, for example, hit any target for nominal GDP that it chooses.
What that means is that while the Fed should be doing more, so should other actors: unconventional monetary policy should go along with fiscal stimulus.
The Fed deserves to be chastised for not doing more; that’s not the same as saying that the Fed should be the only target of criticism.
One of these days someone will write a sequel to Liaquat Ahamed’s Lords Of Finance; where LoF was about the men who helped the Great Depression happen, Lords of Finance: The Next Generation will be about the men who helped turn the financial crisis of 2008 into a lost decade of high unemployment and deflation.
And Jean-Claude Trichet will clearly be among the main protagonists.
His column in today’s FT is almost a caricature of the austerity genre.
Trichet’s explanation of why we must fear the invisible bond vigilantes would be funny if it didn’t have such serious consequences: In extraordinary times, the economy may be close to non-linear phenomena such as a rapid deterioration of confidence among broad constituencies of households, enterprises, savers and investors.
My understanding is that an overwhelming majority of industrial countries are now in those uncharted waters, where confidence is potentially at stake.
Consolidation is a must in such circumstances.
Ask yourself, what evidence does he present in that passage?
None, because the reality is that bond markets don’t look at all worried.
What model does he refer to?
None; the vague reference to “non-linear phenomena” is a giveaway that there’s no there there.
So what are we to rely on for his definitive judgment that “consolidation is a must”?
His “understanding” that “confidence is potentially at stake.” This is a basis for policy that affects hundreds of millions of workers?
Meanwhile, I don’t know whether I’m reading too much into this, but Trichet seems to be backing down a bit on the claim that fiscal contraction is actually expansionary — maybe because the alleged evidence for that proposition has been pretty thoroughly debunked, with everyone who’s looked at it seriously realizing that all of the alleged cases involve either an export boom, a sharp fall in interest rates, or both, which makes them irrelevant to our current situation.
But the message is now free-standing, relying neither on theory nor on evidence: austerity now now now.
Continuing the Chatauqua on Reinhart-Rogoff: it’s a pretty devastating observation that the only observations of high debt / low growth for the United States come from the immediate postwar years, when post-war demobilization naturally led to falling real GDP.
But what about the broader picture?
R-R haven’t released their full data set.
But as best I can tell, all or almost all observations of advanced countries with gross debt over 90 percent of GDP come from four main groupings: 1.
The US and the UK in the immediate aftermath of WWII 2.
Japan after 1995 3.
Canada in the mid 90s 4.
Belgium and Italy since the late 1980s We’ve already seen that (1) is a case of spurious correlation.
Surely (2) is largely a case of causation running the other way, from Japan’s slide into slow growth and deflation to its rising debt.
As for (3), advocates of austerity have been using Canada in the mid-90s as an example of a success story; surely they can’t have it both ways.
This leaves (4); but my first take would be that both Belgium and Italy have problems that have both inhibited growth and led to a runup of debt.
I may have missed some small-country examples; but surely they wouldn’t change the picture.
There really, truly isn’t anything there.
Whenever I draw a chart comparing actual growth with the pre-crisis trend, as I did in my last post, I get two kinds of complaints.
Some readers complain that that’s not how you do it — that you have to draw a trend through the middle of the past scatter of points, not start at a business cycle peak.
Others complain that a year like 2007, or 2000, is a bad choice because output was inflated by a bubble.
But there are actually very good reasons why I’m doing it this way.
To understand what’s going on, you need to think about what it means to have a recession.
(I’ll offer some caveats at the end.)
Think of the economy as a machine, with a certain amount of productive capacity — a maximum rate at which it can be run safely, if you like.
This productive capacity grows over time, at a relatively steady pace.
But actual production grows much less steadily, and sometimes shrinks, because sometimes the economy falls far short of operating at its capacity.
That’s what it means to have a recession; something has gone wrong that causes the machine not to work right.
As Keynes said, we have magneto trouble.
So what we want to do is compare output with what the economy could be producing.
And to estimate that, it’s a good rule of thumb to extrapolate from the last business cycle peak.
Why?
Because at the peak of the business cycle, the economy is usually operating close to capacity — in part because central banks try to throttle growth back when they think the economy is in danger of running too hot, leading to inflation.
It’s standard practice to assess economic trends with peak-to-peak interpolation, because the peaks are a reasonable estimate of the economy’s capacity, while other points on the business cycle don’t convey anything like that information.
So I measure my trends from the last business cycle peak.
But, say some readers, what if growth at that peak was inflated by a bubble?
OK, that’s confusing supply and demand.
Bubbles drive demand — they don’t increase the economy’s capacity (if anything they reduce it).
They drive capacity utilization, so that a bubble may drive the economy to a peak; but that peak is still a good indicator of how much the economy can produce, no matter if it’s producing stuff people shouldn’t be buying.
So I know what I’m doing with these trend lines.
OK, the caveat: we don’t really think the economy has a fixed upper limit on output; it’s more of a soft limit, with inflation accelerating as you push unemployment below the NAIRU.
That’s why the economy can sometimes operate above standard measures of potential output, which are NAIRU-based.
But that just means that when I use, say, 2007 as a base, you need to ask whether there were signs of accelerating inflation back then.
There weren’t.
And bubbles remain irrelevant.
Why does all this matter?
On both sides of the Atlantic, advanced economies have surely seen a significant rise in capacity since 2007 — but they’re still producing significantly less than they did then.
That’s the output gap.
Now, suppose the gap is 6 percent; I’d say 8, but who’s counting?
Suppose also that potential output is growing at 2 percent a year.
In that case, how much growth would it take to get back to where we ought to be?
If we grow at 3 percent, which many would hail as a success, it would take 6 years.
If we grow at 4 percent, it would still take 3 years.
In short, we’re operating hugely under capacity — and I’m both shocked and depressed at the lack of urgency among policy makers about closing that gap.
Listening to the comments of Jean-Claude Trichet and others, you might have the impression that Europe is well on the way to recovering from its slump.
So I took a look at the actual numbers, and even though I sort of knew what they said, it was a bit of a shock.
In the figure below, I show an index of eurozone real GDP, from Eurostat, with 2007 fourth quarter — a quarter in which Europe was doing OK, but certainly not experiencing inflationary overheating — set at 100.
And I compared it with a trend assuming 2 percent annual growth in potential output, a fairly conservative assumption even for Europe.
Here’s what it looks like: So a huge gap has opened up between a reasonable estimate of potential output and actual output.
Even if you believe that growth in Europe has picked up since the first quarter — and that the pickup will continue — it will take years to close that gap.
The only way you could justify not doing more to promote growth is to assume that potential output has been drastically reduced by the crisis — and if you believe that, you should be working day and night to reverse that decline.
The idea that policy has done enough is just crazy.
I’ve received some interesting correspondence on my Rogoff post; basically, it turns out that there’s more controversy than I realized over the dates of past financial crises.
More on that when I’ve digested the information.
Meanwhile, I thought I could flesh out my critique with a picture.
In the now widely cited paper Growth in a Time of Debt (pdf), R-R claim to find a strong relationship between debt in excess of 90 percent of GDP and slow growth.
They specifically highlight the case of the United States.
But as I tried to point out, when it comes to the US case, all of the high-debt slow-growth years in their sample come from the post-World-War-II demobilization era.
So here’s a picture that makes the point; data from 1941 to 2001.
On the horizontal axis is the ratio of gross federal debt to GDP in the previous year; on the vertical axis the growth rate.
(Wanna bet I get comments complaining that the axes aren’t labeled?)
I’ve linked the points, with arrows indicating the direction of evolution over time.
As you can see, all — all — of the high debt/negative growth observations come from 1945 (when demobilization started) and the few years thereafter.
You might say that this is just one country — but it’s the country R-R themselves chose to highlight as illustrating their point.
And I know that at least one other high debt/slow growth story has similar problems: Japan’s high debt years all lie in the era of deflation, and the natural presumption is that the country’s macro problems caused high government debt, not the other way around.
So this just isn’t careful work.
And it should not be coloring policy discussion the way it is.
He calls on the Fed to implement a plan based on the ideas of someone the central bank seems to have been ignoring — a macroeconomist by the name of Ben Bernanke.
We don’t know how well the Gagnon plan would actually work — but there’s no harm in trying, and large potential benefits.
The only possible reason for the Fed not to be more aggressive now is fear of embarrassment, of not getting big results.
And that’s no reason to sit still while the Fedfail Index keeps deteriorating.
Ben Bernanke’s testimony today, as expected, lacked all sense of urgency.
Hey, the economy’s a bit disappointing, and maybe someday we might think about doing something about it … In my view, the Fed is too optimistic.
When Bernanke says that Most FOMC participants expect real GDP growth of 3 to 3-1/2 percent in 2010, and roughly 3-1/2 to 4-1/2 percent in 2011 and 2012. he’s telling the truth — but haven’t those forecasts already been overtaken by events?
Less than 3 percent growth in the 1st quarter; probably only around 2 in the 2nd; to make more than 3 we’d have to see accelerating growth from here on, and all signs point the other way.
Not to mention the fact that stimulus is going into reverse.
But forecasts aside, we really have to bear in mind that the Fed is failing in fulfilling its dual mandate, price stability and full employment.
I thought it might be convenient to have a simple measure of just how big the failure is; let’s call it the Fedfail Index.
It’s related to the Taylor rule, but instead of offering a rule of thumb for the Fed funds rate, it measures how far unemployment and inflation are from their presumed targets.
The rule I’ve chosen takes its coefficients from the Rudebusch version of the Taylor rule; 1.3 times the deviation of unemployment from 5 percent + 2 times the deviation of core inflation (CPI) from 2 percent.
So it’s 1.3* ABS(unemployment – 5) + 2* ABS(core inflation – 2).
You can make up your own version; I don’t think it will look very different.
Here’s what you get: What this little exercise conveys is that the situation is deteriorating, not improving: unemployment is down slightly, but we’re drifting closer to deflation.
Bernanke’s answer to all this seems to be that the Fed is doing a lot.
But it’s obviously not enough — the central bank is supposed to deliver results, not get an A for effort.
And those results aren’t coming.
This AP story on Bernanke’s testimony contains editorializing disguised as reporting: Even though the prospects of deflation — a widespread and prolonged drop in prices for goods, the value of stocks and homes and in wages — is remote, some Fed officials are worried about it.
Keeping rates low would help prevent deflationary forces from taking hold.
How does the AP know that the prospects for deflation are remote (and note the implicit suggestion that worried Fed officials are a bit strange)?
Here’s what has happened so far: In the face of high unemployment over the past two years, core inflation has fallen from more than 2 percent to less than 1 percent.
All mainstream forecasts call for unemployment staying high for at least two more years, and probably more than that.
Maybe that won’t lead to deflation — but it’s surely not outlandish to say that it will.
You keep getting things like this in economics reporting; things that are just opinions – and not even consensus opinions, by a long shot — get reported as fact.
And strange to say, it’s always one side of the debate that gets this kind of treatment.
After posting a brief note on Ken Rogoff’s piece in today’s FT, I realized that it might be helpful to say a bit more about where I differ from him.
Regular readers will know that I’m a huge admirer of Ken’s work, both theoretical and empirical.
Obstfeld and Rogoff is the definitive work on New Keynesian open-economy macro; Reinhart and Rogoff the definitive empirical history of financial crises and their aftermath.
It was largely thanks to my study of Obstfeld-Rogoff that I realized, from the get-go, that many of the arguments we were hearing about how modern macro had proved Keynesianism wrong were just ignorant; it was largely thanks to my reading of Reinhart-Rogoff that I realized, early in the game, that this was going to be a prolonged slump rather than a V-shaped recovery.
And yet I believe that Ken has been giving seriously bad policy advice lately.
Why?
First, he’s showing a surprising failure to understand why the original Reinhart-Rogoff project worked; second, he’s exhibiting an equally surprising reluctance to do the math on current policy options.
So, about the first point: economic history is a great source of evidence about how the economy works – in fact, pretty much our only source.
And the RR project, drawing on evidence from much further back and farther afield than usual among economists, was a great idea.
But there are usually major problems with historical analysis, no matter how much data you have, because it’s very difficult to isolate the things you’re interested in.
There’s an old line to the effect that everything in the economy affects everything else, in at least two ways; this gives enormous room for spurious correlation.
Econometrics is supposed to provide ways to disentangle the effects of multiple factors, but it’s difficult, and my sense is that few big arguments in economics have ever been settled by multiple regression analyses, let alone by all the sophisticated techniques developed these past three generations.
But Reinhart-Rogoff is relatively robust to these problems.
Why?
Because it focuses on extreme events.
Financial crises are very big things, sharply concentrated in time.
As a result, it’s reasonably certain that the economic developments in the aftermath of a financial crisis were driven by that crisis, not by other stuff that may have been going on.
So the original RR book was able to tell us a great deal without any fancy statistical analysis, because it was a study of extreme events.
Unfortunately, the Reinhart-Rogoff paper now being cited all over the place – the one that suggests that there’s a critical level of government debt, at around 90 percent of GDP — doesn’t follow that strategy.
All it does is look at a correlation between debt levels and growth.
And since debt levels are not sharp extreme events, there’s no good reason to believe that they’re identifying a causal relationship.
In fact, the case they highlight – the United States – practically screams spurious correlation: the years of high debt were also the years immediately following WWII, when the big thing happening in the economy was postwar demobilization, which naturally implied slower growth: Rosie the Riveter was going back to being a housewife.
It’s just not up to the standard of the other work.
And yet Ken is leaning hard on that paper to justify his pro-austerity position.
Which brings me to my second problem: not doing the math.
Yes, the United States has a long-run budget problem.
Dealing with that problem is going to require, first of all, sharply bending the curve on Medicare costs; without that, nothing works.
And second, it’s going to require some combination of spending cuts and revenue increases, amounting to at least 3 percent of GDP and probably more, on a permanent basis.
I’d argue for doing most of that through higher taxes – and yes, I’m willing to go along with a VAT, as long as it’s used to pay for maintaining the social safety net, not to make room for tax cuts on high incomes.
But what I’d like to know with regard to Ken Rogoff is, what would he like to do?
If you’re going to worry a lot about deficits, I think you’re obliged to say, first and foremost, what your long-term solution is – you have even more obligation to do that than those of us who are relatively relaxed about the current deficit.
And then the question is, given whatever long-term solution you’re proposing, how much difference does a few percent of GDP more or less in current spending make to the feasibility of that solution?
The answer, almost surely, is not much: at current interest rates, a trillion dollars of spending would add at most around 0.1 percent of GDP in real interest payments, and might actually improve the long-run budget position if a stronger economy now means less long-run damage So where does Ken’s call for short-run austerity come from?
As best I can tell, it comes from a generalized sense that debt is dangerous; but surely, given the hard choices we’re facing, we need more than this – and as I’ve already said, that 90 percent red line is nonsense.
And there’s also the invisible bond vigilante thing, the claim that markets are going to demand that you have immediate austerity even though the math says that it’s more or less irrelevant to the real fiscal problem.
What bothers me here is that Ken is using the authority of a fine, careful empirical study to support policy recommendations that aren’t actually grounded in that study, and also happen to be at odds with his own economic models.
Brad DeLong does the necessary on Niall Ferguson; no need for me to pile on.
But I think there’s more to be said about Depression-era debt.
To get the full picture, you need to go all the way back to 1929.
If you were ignorant of basic facts about the Depression — or if you didn’t know that movements in a ratio can reflect changes in the denominator as well as the numerator — you might think that it’s possible to summarize fiscal policy by looking at the federal debt-GDP ratio, which looks like this from 1929-41: Clearly, then, Herbert Hoover was a wild deficit spender, while FDR was much more cautious.
Right?
OK, we know that’s wrong.
Here’s what nominal debt, the numerator in the debt ratio, looks like: So Hoover ran up very little debt — only about 6 percent of 1929 GDP.
FDR, on the other hand, ran up a lot of debt, about 47 percent of 1933 GDP.
But Hoover presided over a shrinking, deflationary economy, while FDR presided over a rapidly growing (from a low base) economy with rising prices.
I’ve been careful to use the term “presided over”: you don’t want to attribute all the differences in the two sub-eras to policy, let alone fiscal policy.
Nonetheless, the fact that virtually all the deterioration in the US debt position from 1929 to 1939 took place under the tight-fisted Hoover rather than under FDR is an object lesson in the crucial importance of growth in dealing with debt.
And the Hoover experience also provides a nice illustration of self-defeating austerity — not only didn’t austerity produce economic recovery, it didn’t even improve the fiscal position.
It’s too bad that people who don’t understand any of that seem to have the upper hand in policy.
Henry Farrell explains it all.
One of his commenters says that the US term for what Henry calls Bimberton-kicking is “hippie-punching”, which is about right; although when it comes to politics the proper term is DFH.
What’s particularly noteworthy is that Bimberton-kicking becomes more, not less prevalent when, as has happened consistently this past decade, the DFHs are proved to have been right.
It’s understandable, of course.
How can the self-proclaimed sensible centrists continue to regard themselves as sensible, when they were wrong about Bush, WMDs, financial deregulation, and so on?
Only by becoming even more disdainful of the unwashed ruffians who got it right.
It’s really not relevant to current policy debates, but there’s an issue that’s been nagging at me, so I thought I’d write it up.
Right now, the real policy debate is whether we need fiscal austerity even with the economy deeply depressed.
Obviously, I’m very much opposed — my view is that running deficits now is entirely appropriate.
But here’s the thing: there’s a school of thought which says that deficits are never a problem, as long as a country can issue its own currency.
The most prominent advocate of this view is probably Jamie Galbraith, but he’s not alone.
Now, Jamie and I are, I think, in complete agreement about what we should be doing now.
So we’re talking theory, not practice.
But I can’t go along with his view that So long as U.S. banks are required to accept U.S. government checks — which is to say so long as the Republic exists — then the government can and does spend without borrowing, if it chooses to do so … Insolvency, bankruptcy, or even higher real interest rates are not among the actual risks to this system.
OK, I don’t think that’s right.
To spend, the government must persuade the private sector to release real resources.
It can do this by collecting taxes, borrowing, or collecting seignorage by printing money.
And there are limits to all three.
Even a country with its own fiat currency can go bankrupt, if it tries hard enough.
How does that work?
A bit of modeling under the fold.
Let’s think in terms of a two-period model, although I won’t need to say much about the first period.
In period 1, the government borrows, issuing indexed bonds (I could make them nominal, but then I’d need to introduce expectations about inflation, and we’ll end up in the same place.)
This means that in period 2 the government owes real debt service in the amount D. The government may meet this debt service requirement, in whole or in part, by running a primary surplus, an excess of revenue over current spending.
Let’s suppose, however, that there’s an upper limit S to the feasible primary surplus — a limit imposed by political constraints, administrative issues (if taxes are too high everyone will evade), or the sheer fact that tax collections can’t exceed GDP.
But the government also has a printing press.
The real revenue it collects by using this press is [M(t) – M(t-1)]/P(t), where M is the money supply and P the price level.
What determines the price level?
Let’s assume a simple quantity theory, with the price level proportional to the money supply: P(t) = V*M(t) By assuming this, I’m actually making the most favorable assumption about the power of seignorage, since in practice, running the printing presses leads to a fall in the real demand for money (people start using lumps of coal or whatever as substitutes.)
OK, now let’s ask what happens if the government has run up enough debt that the upper limit on the primary surplus is a binding constraint, and it’s necessary to run the printing presses to make up the difference.
In that case, [M(t) – M(t-1)]/P(t) = D – S But P is proportional to M, so this becomes [M(t) – M(t-1)]/VM(t) = D – S Rearrange a bit, and we have M(t)/M(t-1) = 1/[1 – V[D-S]] And what does this imply?
Since the price level is, by assumption, proportional to M, this tells us that the higher the debt burden, the higher the required rate of inflation — and, crucially, that as D-S heads toward a critical level, this implied inflation heads off to infinity.
That is, it looks like this: So there is a maximum level of debt you can handle.
In practice, if it makes sense to say such a thing with regard to a stylized model, at some point lower than the critical level implied by this model the government would decide that default was a better option than hyperinflation.
And going back to period 1, lenders would take this possibility into account.
So there are real limits to deficits, even in countries that can print their own currency.
Now, I’m sure I’m about to get comments and/or responses on other blogs along the lines of “Ha!
So now Krugman admits that deficits cause hyperinflation!
Peter Schiff roolz” Um, no — in extreme conditions they CAN cause hyperinflation; we’re nowhere near those conditions now.
All I’m saying here is that I’m not prepared to go as far as Jamie Galbraith.
Deficits can cause a crisis; but that’s no reason to skimp on spending right now.
Chris Hayes has a very good piece about the parallels between the current elite enthusiasm for fiscal austerity and the march to war in Iraq.
I’d been thinking the same thing, and actually thought I had written about it; but as far as I can tell I never quite did.
Let me rub a little salt in the wound: if the Iraq parallel is any guide, even after everything has gone wrong, and the US economy has slid into a deflationary trap; even after most people concede that austerity was a mistake; still, only those who went along with the mistake will be considered “serious”, while those who argued strenuously against a disastrous course of action that “everyone” supported will continue to be considered flaky and unreliable.
No, not one of these.
Out back, near the stream, we got a good view of something too big to be a fox.
I believe that the call of the wild has reached central New Jersey.
Update: We’ve asked around and learned that there are lots of coyotes roaming around Princeton.
And the other day a black bear was looking in the window at Bristol Myers Squibb.
FYI: we keep our cats indoors.
Sigh.
In an otherwise useful article about divisions in the Fed, Jon Hilsenrath says this: The Fed is better equipped to solve some economic problems than others.
As Mr. Bernanke noted in a now-famous 2002 speech, the Fed has the power to fight deflation—or falling wages and prices—by printing money.
But the bank’s tools aren’t perfectly suited to reducing unemployment, which is influenced by a range of factors including fiscal policy, regulation and global demand.
Sorry, but that’s totally wrong.
The question is whether, at the zero bound, the Fed has the ability to increase aggregate demand — full stop.
If it can increase aggregate demand, it can fight both deflation and unemployment; if not, not.
In a way, the problem with Bernanke’s speech was that he made increasing demand and fighting deflation sound too easy.
The Fed can print money, if you increase the supply of something its price will fall, end of story.
But as I tried to point out a long time ago, this simple story breaks down when short-term interest rates are near zero.
Here’s one way to think about it: when the Fed conducts an open-market operation, buying short-term debt with newly printed money, this normally affects the short rate because bonds and money are imperfect substitutes: money yields less, but has the advantage of being something you can use directly to make payments, that is, it’s more liquid.
But when you have bought so much debt and created so much money that rates are near zero, the public is saturated with liquidity; from that point on, they’re holding money simply as a store of value, which makes it no different from bonds — and hence a perfect substitute for bonds.
And at that point further open-market operations do nothing — they just swap one zero-interest asset for another, with no effect on anything.
So why not forget about open-market operations, and just drop the stuff from helicopters?
Well, remember that at this point cash and short-term bonds are equivalent.
So a helicopter drop is just like a temporary lump-sum tax cut.
And we would expect people to save much or most of such a tax cut — all of it, if you believe in full Ricardian equivalence.
In my simple 1998 model, there’s only one way the Fed can affect things at all: by promising, credibly, to print more money in the future, when the zero lower bound no longer binds.
In practice, things are more complicated, because long-term bonds aren’t perfect substitutes for short-term — so the Fed can get some traction by buying at longer maturities.
But I always felt than Ben was overstating the effectiveness of such purchases.
It’s worth noting that in his “it” speech Bernanke’s more-or-less specific proposal was to set a ceiling on the yield on two-year securities.
How much would that accomplish now, when even the 2-year yield is only 0.67 percent?
Anyway, back to the original point: it’s depressing to realize that two years into liquidity trap economics, the WSJ still doesn’t seem to understand the basic point of why the zero bound is a problem.
Just in case you had some lingering notion that anyone in the Republican party was fiscally responsible, Mitch McConnell has weighed in in support of Jon Kyl: [T]here’s no evidence whatsoever that the Bush tax cuts actually diminished revenue.
They increased revenue, because of the vibrancy of these tax cuts in the economy.
So I think what Senator Kyl was expressing was the view of virtually every Republican on that subject.
In a way you have to wonder what point there even is in trying to argue here.
But anyway, look: it’s been a long time since Morning in America.
We’ve now been through two two-term administrations, one of which raised taxes, the other of which cut them.
Which looks like it presided over a more vibrant economy?
And who in their right mind would describe the Bush economy as “vibrant”, anyway?
Even during the peak of the housing bubble, it never achieved the kind of job growth that was routine in the Clinton years.
Oh, and as for revenue: we have a growing economy, which means that revenue tends, other things equal, to rise over time.
But here’s what real federal revenue looked like since 1992: Rapid, steady growth in the Clinton years; much less thereafter, even if you stop the clock just before the housing bubble burst.
In short, the notion that tax cuts pay for themselves has no empirical support.
And yet the GOP leadership — which claims to be oh so worried about the deficit — is willing to stake America’s solvency on its belief that tax cuts are free.
Update: Also, for those readers who complain that I’m too partisan, that I should admit that there are two sides to the issues, this is a prime example of my problem.
How am I supposed to pretend that these are serious people?
The facts really do have a well-known liberal bias.
Reading these commentaries by Edward Chancellor and Wolfgang Munchau, it occurred to me that a lot of the issue can be captured by one picture.
Here’s the total number of unemployed, in thousands, in Germany and Spain: Germany looks at this situation and says, where’s the problem?
Unemployment never rose much, and it’s back to pre-crisis levels.
Meanwhile, Spain suffers.
But here’s the thing: European fiscal policy basically reflects Germany’s situation (with no allowance for the fact that this situation, too, is likely to worsen; see Munchau’s piece.)
So does European monetary policy.
When the euro was proposed, we worried about one-size-fits-all monetary policy.
But the reality is worse: it’s one-size-fits-one.
A spectacular find: dueling letters from Keynes and associates, on one side, and Hayek and associates, on the other.
Read them here (pdf).
Three reactions.
First, Hayek was as bad on the Depression as I thought.
The claim that “many of the troubles of the world at the present time are due to imprudent borrowing and spending on the part of the public authorities” — in 1932!
— is bizarre.
The claim that barriers to trade and capital movement were what was preventing recovery is as crazy as … as .. claiming that we’re in a slump because workers decided to take a break in the face of prospective Obama tax hikes.
Second, Keynes pretty much had the policy implications of the General Theory down long before he actually worked out the detailed analysis.
I’m especially struck by the way he grasped, right from the start, the point that if higher private spending expands employment in a slump, so does higher public spending.
Third, it’s deeply tragic that we’re having to have this debate all over again, as the world economy slides into deflation and stagnation.
He’s politically conservative, and is based at a right-wing think tank.
But his warning about the looming danger of deflation reads just like something I or Jan Hatzius (Goldman’s chief economist — never mind the Blankfein stuff, the econ group is very good, and very pessimistic) might have written.
Except Makin is even more gloomy, warning that we might enter deflation this year.
Scary stuff.
And all too plausible.
Mark Thoma asks, “What happened to Ed Prescott?” The answer is, nothing.
Sure, it’s ridiculous to assert that 1.
Monetary policy does not matter.
2.
Financial factors are the symptoms, not the causes, of the recent downturn.
3.
The recession was due to an Obama shock, i.e.
labor supply fell because US workers anticipate higher future taxes.
But was it really any more reasonable to assert, more than 20 years ago, that recessions are the result of technological retrogression?
That Paul Volcker’s actions had nothing to do either with the 1981-2 recession or the subsequent recovery?
Nothing has really changed; what you see now in real business cycle theory is what you were always getting.
One of the prime arguments of the austerity now now now people has been that you can’t do the sensible thing — run deficits while the economy is depressed, then turn to budget-balancing once recovery is well in place — because that will lack credibility.
Only by imposing immediate suffering, at great cost to employment, can you convince the invisible bond vigilantes that you really mean business.
And then I learn from Digby that some of these same people just love Paul Ryan’s budget plan — a plan that calls for a huge increase in public debt over the near term, offset by hypothetical spending cuts four decades from now: There’s only one way to read this: it’s not about the deficit — it’s about the deficit as an excuse to dismantle social programs.
Truly, we live in a time of mass delusion — or maybe make that elite delusion — where there are lots of things that everyone believes, without a shred of evidence to back that belief.
Here’s one more: everywhere you go, you encounter the claim that businesses aren’t investing, they’re just sitting on piles of cash, because they’re worried about future government policies.
There is, of course, a much more prosaic alternative: businesses aren’t investing because they have lots of excess capacity.
Why build new structures and buy new machines when you’re not using the ones you already have?
So is there anything in the data suggesting that we need to invoke fear of government to explain low investment?
Not a bit.
In the figure below, I show two series.
The red line (left scale) is nonresidential fixed investment spending – basically, business investment — as a percentage of GDP, from the BEA.
The blue line (right scale) is the output gap — the percentage difference between real GDP and the CBO’s estimate of potential real GDP.
What we see, first of all, is that business investment fluctuates with the state of the economy (duh).
It’s actually a surprisingly tight relationship.
Second, we see that investment has, if anything, fallen LESS than you might have expected given the plunge in the economy.
We’re much further from potential output than in 2002, yet the share of investment in GDP is only slightly lower.
In short, there’s no puzzle about business investment — and not a hint that we have to invoke some kind of oh-god-Obama’s-a-socialist story to explain low spending.
It’s the economy, stupid.
The WSJ’s economics blog has an interesting piece about how failing to extend unemployment benefits may actually end up increasing the deficit in the longer run, by pushing marginal older workers into disability.
But this is actually a much broader point.
There’s a quite good case to be made that austerity in the face of a depressed economy is, literally, a false economy — that it actually makes long-run budget problems worse.
People like me have been hesitant to make this argument loudly, for fear of being cast as the left equivalent of Arthur Laffer — but the heck with it, I’m going to lay it out.
So here’s the outline.
Suppose you slash spending equal to 1 percent of GDP.
That looks like a budget saving, right?
But if you do it in the face of an economy up against the zero bound, so that the Fed can’t offset the demand effects with lower rates, it’s going to shrink the economy.
Let me use a multiplier of 1.4; you can adjust the numbers as you wish.
Now, a weaker economy means less revenue.
Assume that every dollar up or down in GDP means $0.25 in revenue, which is conservative.
Then the fiscal austerity reduces revenue by 0.35 percent of GDP; the true saving is only 0.65 percent.
Now, the government has to borrow those funds; let’s say the real interest rate is 3 percent (it’s actually much lower now).
Then the long run impact of the austerity on the fiscal position is to reduce real interest payments by 0.0195 percent of GDP.
But wait: what if there are long-run negative effects of a deeper slump on the economy?
The WSJ piece showed one example: workers driven permanently out of the labor force.
There’s also the negative effect of a depressed economy on business investment.
There’s the waste of talent because young people have their lifetime careers derailed.
And so on.
And here’s the thing: if the economy is weaker in the long run, this means less revenue, which offsets any savings from the initial austerity.
How big do these negative effects have to be to turn austerity into a net negative for the budget?
Not very big.
In my example, the real interest payments saved by a 1 percent of GDP austerity move are less than .02 percent of GDP; if the marginal tax effect of GDP is 0.25, that means that a reduction of future GDP by .08 percent is enough to swamp the alleged fiscal benefits.
It’s not at all hard to imagine that happening.
In short, there’s a very good case to be made that austerity now isn’t just a bad idea because of its impact on the economy and the unemployed; it may well fail even at the task of helping the budget balance.
It’s important to realize that I’m not saying that government spending always pays for itself, and that saving money is always counterproductive.
These kinds of effects are specific to a liquidity trap situation.
But that’s the situation we’re in.
There’s now a lot of talk about the fact that U.S. corporations are sitting on a lot of cash, but not spending it.
I don’t find that particularly puzzling: with huge excess capacity, why invest in building even more capacity.
But almost everyone seems to agree that if we could somehow get businesses to spend some of that cash, it would create jobs.
Which then raises the question: how can you believe that, and not also believe that if the U.S. government were to borrow some of the cash corporations aren’t spending, and spend it on, say, public works, this would also create jobs?
(Brad DeLong has tried to make this argument repeatedly).
Which brings me to Lincoln and McClellan.
General McClellan had raised a powerful army, but seemed disinclined to actually seek battle.
So Lincoln sent him a letter: “My dear McClellan: If you don’t want to use the Army I should like to borrow it for a while.” (Yes, there are various versions of the quote).
So shouldn’t that be our response to all that idle corporate cash?
We don’t literally have to borrow from the corporations; they’re parking their funds in the money market, and the feds would borrow from that market.
But the end result would be to put some of that idle cash to work — and, ultimately, to give the corporations a reason to start investing, too, so that the deficit spending would crowd investment in, not out.
I have never seen a coherent objection to this line of argument.
When writing about previous invisible attacks of the invisible bond vigilantes, I almost forgot what else was going on during the first of those imaginary onslaughts: the spring of 2009 was also the period of the great inflation scare, in which everyone from Glenn Beck to Federal Reserve presidents was warning us that an awful surge in prices was just around the corner.
Funny how that didn’t happen.
Now, everyone makes wrong predictions.
But this particular failure goes deeper than just not seeing what was coming.
At the heart of the inflation/deflation debate was and is a debate between two visions of the economy.
One vision, which is the one I subscribe to, is basically an updated Keynesian view: sticky prices revised gradually based on unemployment and excess capacity, the possibility of persistent economic malfunction because people are trying to hoard cash rather than buying real goods.
And this view also said that we were and are in a liquidity trap, in which things that might have been inflationary under other conditions — like a large expansion of the monetary base — weren’t at all inflationary under current conditions.
In fact, the likely outlook was for falling inflation, and possibly deflation.
The other vision was basically a crude quantity theory of money view: hey, the Fed is printing money, the government is running deficits, so high inflation, maybe even hyperinflation, is staring us in the face.
The past year has, in effect, been a fairly clean test of these two views.
And what has happened has been very much what people like me said would happen: in the face of persistent high unemployment, inflation has fallen despite all that money creation, and interest rates have stayed low despite those budget deficits.
If you bet on inflation and rising rates — which, by the way, Eric Cantor, the Republican House whip, did — you lost a lot of money.
There was a time, long ago, when I would have expected this head-to-head test, with a clear winner, to actually change some minds.
But I’m older, wiser, and a lot more cynical now.
I’ve been taking a bit of a trip down memory lane, looking at older blog posts in aid of a possible future project.
And I was struck by something I sort of knew, but hadn’t focused on: the latest round of oh-my-God-the-bond-vigilantes-are-attacking-gotta-cut is the third such round since Obama took office.
First, there was a runup in interest rates in the spring of 2009 — mainly a reaction to receding fears of a second Great Depression, but widely interpreted as a sign of impending fiscal doom.
Then rates went back down.
Second, there was a big scare in the fall of 2009, based on, well, nothing — which is what led me to write my original post on invisible bond vigilantes.
And fear of this phantom menace helped scare the Obama administration away from a second stimulus.
Finally, there was the bond scare of March, in which we were turning into Greece because of a blip in rates barely visible on the charts.
Since then, rates have plunged.
It kind of makes you wonder: why do such claims carry any credibility?
Bear in mind, too, that anyone who actually acted on these deficit scares — who, for example, believed Morgan Stanley’s prediction of soaring rates in 2010 — has lost a lot of money.
But I have a sinking feeling that the next time long rates rise even a bit — say, back to where they were a year ago — we’ll be told that the bond vigilantes have arrived.
Really.
And Washington will believe it.
Brad DeLong deals with the substance of this Economist leader; despite complete lack of evidence, the Economist still believes in the confidence fairy.
But notice one more thing: the Economist’s blithe declaration that Mr Krugman’s crude Keynesianism underplays the link between firms’ and households’ behaviour and their expectations of future tax and spending policy.
All through this debate, a recurring theme among anti-Keynesians has been that Keynesians like me or Brad are ignorant primitives who don’t know anything about modern macro.
It’s really hard to see where that comes from, since I’ve done plenty of intertemporal optimizing in my time.
Part of the problem seems to be that the people saying this are taken aback by what we’re saying because they don’t actually understand the implications of their own models.
But anyway, for the record: I understand the importance of expectations perfectly well — well enough to know that taking such expectations into account makes the case for stimulus stronger, not weaker.
Iceland is, of course, one of the great economic disaster stories of all time.
An economy that produced a decent standard of living for its people was in effect hijacked by a combination of free-market ideology and crony capitalism; one of the papers (pdf) at the conference I just attended in Luxembourg shows that the benefits of the financial bubble went overwhelmingly to a small minority at the top of the income distribution: And in the process of building short-lived financial empires, a handful of operators built up enormous debts that their fellow citizens are now expected to repay.
But there’s an odd coda to the story.
Unlike other disaster economies around the European periphery – economies that are trying to rehabilitate themselves through austerity and deflation — Iceland built up so much debt and found itself in such dire straits that orthodoxy was out of the question.
Instead, Iceland devalued its currency massively and imposed capital controls.
And a strange thing has happened: although Iceland is generally considered to have experienced the worst financial crisis in history, its punishment has actually been substantially less than that of other nations.
Here’s GDP: And here’s employment: The moral of the story seems to be that if you’re going to have a crisis, it’s better to have a really, really bad one.
Otherwise, you’ll end up taking the advice of people who assure you that even more suffering will cure what ails you.
Calculated Risk points us to a speech by Kevin Warsh that strikes me as almost the perfect illustration of the predicament we’re in, in which policy is paralyzed by fear of invisible bond vigilantes.
Warsh isn’t an especially bad example — but that’s the point: this is what Serious People sound like these days.
The bottom line of Warsh’s speech — although expressed indirectly — is that it’s time for fiscal austerity, even though the economy remains deeply depressed; and no, the Fed can’t offset the effects of fiscal contraction with more quantitative easing.
In short, the responsible thing is just to accept 10 percent unemployment.
And why is this the responsible thing?
On fiscal policy, market forces are often more certain than promised fiscal spending multipliers.
Um, but those market forces are currently willing to lend money to the US government at an interest rate of 3.05 percent.
But never mind: unanticipated, nonlinear events can happen So it’s these “unanticipated, nonlinear events” that are “more certain” than the direct effects of fiscal policy?
I’m confused.
And on monetary policy, The Fed’s institutional credibility is its most valuable asset, far more consequential to macroeconomic performance than its holdings of long-term Treasury securities or agency securities.
That credibility could be meaningfully undermined if we were to take actions that were unlikely to yield clear and significant benefits.
OK, but why, exactly, does it help the Fed’s institutional credibility to do nothing to help a deeply depressed economy?
The point here is that Warsh’s argument basically rests on assertions not about what markets are saying now, but about presumed market reactions to policy.
And these assertions about how markets will react are (a) not based on any actual evidence (b) actually assume that markets will behave irrationally This goes for both fiscal and monetary policy.
Again, right now the bond market doesn’t seem worried about US solvency.
And rationally, stimulus spending shouldn’t change that view: with the long-term real interest rate well below 2 percent, current borrowing has only a trivial effect on the long-run state of the budget.
You may say that markets will see short-run austerity as a signal of our willingness to make long-run sacrifices; but why?
What the United States needs to do in the long run, mainly controlling health care costs and increasing revenue, has nothing to do with the question of whether we have a second stimulus package.
On monetary policy: again, the large expansion of the Fed’s balance sheet so far doesn’t seem to have worried markets: right now, the 10-year TIPS spread is 1.9, showing no sign of exploding inflationary expectations.
And for that matter, a rise in inflation expectations would actually be a good thing right now, encouraging more spending — unless you believe that markets will someone react badly, for reasons not specified, to the Fed’s impaired “credibility” defined as … well, I’m not sure what.
So what we’ve got here is an assertion that bad things will happen if you do certain things, without either any evidence to that effect or any explanation of why those things should happen.
Yes, maybe bond markets will punish us if we don’t slash spending right now; also, maybe we’ll have bad luck if we step on cracks, or fail to turn aside when Basement Cat crosses our path.
But why does this pass for judicious policy discussion?
Brief because I’m sitting at an outdoor cafe in Luxembourg … A number of commenters have pointed out that unemployment has been falling in Germany over the past few months.
Um, yes — but not in the eurozone as a whole.
And that is what we’re talking about here, aren’t we?
Or is European monetary and fiscal policy to be run solely based on how things are going in one country?
Also, bear in mind Germany is benefiting from the manufacturing bounceback, partly driven by inventories; it’s worth noting that over the past few months unemployment has been falling fairly quickly in the East North Central region of America — the industrial midwest — too.
The point is that what amounts to a regional development within an ailing European economy doesn’t signify much.
It must have sounded like a good idea (although not to me): establish a bipartisan commission of Serious People to develop plans to bring the federal budget under control.
But the commission is already dead — and zombies did it.
OK, the immediate problem is the statements of Alan Simpson, the commission’s co-chairman.
And what got reporters’ attention was the combination of incredible insensitivity – the “lesser people”???
— and flat errors of fact.
But it’s actually much worse than that.
On Social Security, Simpson is repeating a zombie lie — that is, one of those misstatements that keeps being debunked, but keeps coming back.
Specifically, Simpson has resurrected the old nonsense about how Social Security will be bankrupt as soon as payroll tax revenues fall short of benefit payments, never mind the quarter century of surpluses that came first.
We went through all this at length back in 2005, but let me do this yet again.
Social Security is a government program funded by a dedicated tax.
There are two ways to look at this.
First, you can simply view the program as part of the general federal budget, with the the dedicated tax bit just a formality.
And there’s a lot to be said for that point of view; if you take it, benefits are a federal cost, payroll taxes a source of revenue, and they don’t really have anything to do with each other.
Alternatively, you can look at Social Security on its own.
And as a practical matter, this has considerable significance too; as long as Social Security still has funds in its trust fund, it doesn’t need new legislation to keep paying promised benefits.
OK, so two views, both of some use.
But here’s what you can’t do: you can’t have it both ways.
You can’t say that for the last 25 years, when Social Security ran surpluses, well, that didn’t mean anything, because it’s just part of the federal government — but when payroll taxes fall short of benefits, even though there’s lots of money in the trust fund, Social Security is broke.
And bear in mind what happens when payroll receipts fall short of benefits: NOTHING.
No new action is required; the checks just keep going out.
So what does it mean that the co-chair of the commission is resurrecting this zombie lie?
It means that at even the most basic level of discussion, either (a) he isn’t willing to deal in good faith or (b) the zombies have eaten his brain.
And in either case, there’s no point going on with this farce.
And the march to a lost decade continues.
In its latest Monthly Bulletin (pdf) , the European Central Bank goes all in for immediate fiscal austerity.
It justifies this by buying in, wholeheartedly, to the notion that fiscal contraction is actually expansionary.
As evidence, it points to … well, things I’ve already debunked: the allegedly expansionary Irish fiscal contraction of the 1980s that was probably largely about devaluation and falling interest rates, the Alesina-Ardagna study that makes no effort to distinguish between liquidity-trap and non-trap episodes (and whose method for identifying fiscal stimulus doesn’t seem to capture actual policy.)
OK, I haven’t looked into the cases of the Netherlands and Finland; but given the track record so far, I’ll bet that they don’t really support the argument either.
It’s hard to escape the sense that people, especially in Europe, have decided they want fiscal austerity, and will grab hold of any rationale they can think of.
More about all that in tomorrow’s column.
I’m getting a very bad feeling about the world’s economic prospects.
Do you remember the debate over privatizing Social Security?
For a while there, everyone on the right was in love with Chile — land of the wonderful, perfect retirement system, which proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that private accounts were the way to go.
Then some people started looking at the Chilean reality, discovered that the system had big problems (including very high administrative costs), and that the Chilean public actually hated the thing.
So now the cause is fiscal austerity — and we keep hearing about supposed examples of countries that experienced a boom after tightening fiscal policy, supposedly demonstrating that austerity is good, not bad, for employment.
First was Canada in the 1990s, which turns out to be a quite different story.
Now we’re hearing about Ireland in the 1980s.
So, time for a little research.
And whaddya know: this story is also not at all the way it’s being told (pdf).
Yes, Ireland had fiscal austerity — but it also benefited from a devaluation and an inflationary boom in the UK.
Oh, and Irish interest rates fell sharply, which was possible because they were very high to begin with; that’s not much of a precedent for the United States today, which starts with very low rates.
So yes, you can boost your economy with fiscal austerity, as long as you also devalue your currency and sharply reduce interest rates; also, incantations will destroy a flock of sheep, if administered with a sufficient portion of arsenic.
Richard Serlin, in comments at Mark Thoma’s place, makes a very good point about the efforts of Rajan and others to come up with a reason to raise interest rates even in the face of high unemployment and incipient deflation.
He suggests that it reflects a general distaste for anything that looks like government intervention to support the economy: I think the thinking of the libertarians and freshwater believers is that if there’s a recession, then the free market has a good reason for it.
It’s a “real” business cycle phenomenon, and the best thing to do is let the free market have its recession or depression for as long as the free market wants (and we had some doozys before Keynes, and often).
The Fed shouldn’t tamper with the free market, just like the fiscal branch of government shouldn’t.
The Fed should just maintain zero inflation, or go on the gold standard.
It shouldn’t try to manipulate the interest rates of the free market, or get involved in business cycles at all.
That sounds about right.
The attitude on display from quite a few economists bears a distinct resemblance to Depression-era liquidationism, as described in Brad DeLong’s excellent but somehow never published book on the economic history of the 20th century: … the unwillingness to use policy to prop up the economy during the slide into the Depression was backed by a large chorus, and approved by the most eminent economists.
For example, from Harvard Joseph Schumpeter argued that there was a “presumption against remedial measures which work through money and credit.
Policies of this class are particularly apt to produce additional trouble for the future.” From Schumpeter’s perspective, “depressions are not simply evils, which we might attempt to suppress, butforms of something which has to be done, namely, adjustment to change.” This socially productive function of depressions creates “the chief difficulty” faced by economic policy makers.
For “most of what would be effective in remedying a depression would be equally effective in preventing this adjustment.” And Hayek found it …still more difficult to see what lasting good effects can come from credit expansion.
The thing which is most needed to secure healthy conditions is the most speedy and complete adaptation possible of the structure of production.If the proportion as determined by the voluntary decisions of individuals is distorted by the creation of artificial demand resources [are] again led into a wrong direction and a definite and lasting adjustment is again postponed.The only way permanently to ‘mobilise’ all available resources is, thereforeto leave it to time to effect a permanent cure by the slow process of adapting the structure of production.
These days, relatively few economists are willing to say straight out that they regard persistent high unemployment as a good thing.
But they find reasons to oppose any and all suggestions to use government policy — including monetary policy — to alleviate the slump.
Same as it ever was.
Here’s a thought I should have had earlier about the debate over whether now is a good time to start fiscal austerity.
For the most part, this debate has been between those like me and Brad DeLong, who assert that budget-cutting should be postponed until we’re no longer in a liquidity trap, and those who insist that we must cut immediately, even though it would inflict economic damage and do little to improve the long-run budget position, because immediate cuts are necessary to achieve credibility with the markets.
My response, and Brad’s, has been to say that right now there’s no hint in the data that the United States (or the UK) has a problem with the markets, and to question why the deficit hawks are so sure about what the market will want in the future, even though it doesn’t want it now.
But I suddenly realized this morning that there’s yet another question for the deficit hawks: what evidence do you have that fiscal austerity of the kind you’re demanding would reassure markets, even if they did lose confidence?
Consider, if you will, the comparative cases of Ireland and Spain.
Both countries appeared, on the surface, to be fiscally responsible until the crisis hit, with balanced budgets and relatively low debt.
Both discovered that this was an illusion: revenues were buoyed by immense real estate bubbles, and when the bubbles burst they plunged into deficit — and found themselves potentially on the hook for large bank losses.
The countries responded differently, however.
Ireland quickly embraced harsh austerity; Spain has had to be dragged into austerity, and still faces major political unrest.
So, how’s it going?
This article is typical of what you read: it describes the Irish as doing what has to be done, while the Spaniards dither.
And it has good things to say about how the Irish response is working: Much bitterness but also stoicism; markets impressed by Irish resolve to bite the austerity bullet.
Well, I guess that’s right — if by “markets impressed” you mean a CDS spread of 226 basis points, compared with 206 points for Spain; not to mention a 10-year bond rate of 5.11 percent, compared with 4.46 percent for Spain.
So, I’m glad to hear that Ireland’s stoic acceptance of austerity is reassuring markets; it must be true, because that’s what everyone says.
Because if I didn’t know that, I might look at the data and conclude that markets actually have less confidence in Ireland than they do in Spain, and that austerity in the face of a deeply depressed economy doesn’t actually reassure markets at all.
But hey, what are you going to believe: what everyone knows, or your own lying eyes?
The deficit hawks have taken over the G20: “Those countries with serious fiscal challenges need to accelerate the pace of consolidation,” it added.
“We welcome the recent announcements by some countries to reduce their deficits in 2010 and strengthen their fiscal frameworks and institutions”.
These words were in marked contrast to the G20’s previous communiqué from late April, which called for fiscal support to “be maintained until the recovery is firmly driven by the private sector and becomes more entrenched”.
It’s basically incredible that this is happening with unemployment in the euro area still rising, and only slight labor market progress in the US.
But don’t we need to worry about government debt?
Yes — but slashing spending while the economy is still deeply depressed is both an extremely costly and quite ineffective way to reduce future debt.
Costly, because it depresses the economy further; ineffective, because by depressing the economy, fiscal contraction now reduces tax receipts.
A rough estimate right now is that cutting spending by 1 percent of GDP raises the unemployment rate by .75 percent compared with what it would otherwise be, yet reduces future debt by less than 0.5 percent of GDP.
The right thing, overwhelmingly, is to do things that will reduce spending and/or raise revenue after the economy has recovered — specifically, wait until after the economy is strong enough that monetary policy can offset the contractionary effects of fiscal austerity.
But no: the deficit hawks want their cuts while unemployment rates are still at near-record highs and monetary policy is still hard up against the zero bound.
But what about Greece and all that?
Look, right now sovereign debt problems are taking place in countries with a very specific problem: they’re part of the euro zone, AND they’re badly overvalued thanks to huge capital inflows in the good years; as a result they’re facing years of grinding deflation.
Countries not in that situation are not facing any pressure from the markets for immediate cuts; as of this morning, 10-year bonds were yielding 3.51 in Britain, 3.21 in the US, 1.27 in Japan.
Yet the conventional wisdom now is that these countries must nonetheless cut — not because the markets are currently demanding it, not because it will make any noticeable difference to their long-run fiscal prospects, but because we think that the markets might demand it (even though they shouldn’t) sometime in the future.
Utter folly posing as wisdom.
Incredible.
Which happen not to be true.
It was deeply depressing to see Raguram Rajan write this: The tsunami of money directed by a US Congress, worried about growing income inequality, towards expanding low income housing, joined with the flood of foreign capital inflows to remove any discipline on home loans.
That’s a claim that has been refuted over and over again.
But what happens, I believe, is that in Chicago they don’t listen at all to what the unbelievers say and write; and so the fact that those libruls in Congress caused the bubble is just part of what everyone knows, even though it’s not true.
Just to repeat the basic facts here: 1.
The Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 was irrelevant to the subprime boom, which was overwhelmingly driven by loan originators not subject to the Act.
2.
The housing bubble reached its point of maximum inflation in the middle years of the naughties: 3.
During those same years, Fannie and Freddie were sidelined by Congressional pressure, and saw a sharp drop in their share of securitization: while securitization by private players surged: Of course, I imagine that this post, like everything else, will fail to penetrate the cone of silence.
It’s convenient to believe that somehow, this is all Barney Frank’s fault; and so that belief will continue.
OK, so I’m currently in Interlaken, Switzerland to talk to the Swiss Economic Forum tomorrow.
Robin and I were last here about 15 years ago.
And it has changed.
You see, back then the streets were full of Japanese.
Now, they’re full of Indians (who for some reason greatly outnumber the Chinese.)
Still mostly Westerners on the hiking trails, though; to be fair, most of the Indians seem to be family groups including young children, so that staying close to the trains and cable cars makes perfect sense.
So William Galston has an article in the New Republic questioning Keynes — and me.
He lays great stress on the Reinhart-Rogoff claim that growth slows substantially when debt exceeds 90 percent of GDP.
First of all, that’s not in the Reinhart-Rogoff magnum opus.
It’s in a later working paper, which is not nearly of the same standard.
And when Galston writes, Until someone refutes Reinhardt and Rogoff, our operating presumption must be that excessive debt accumulation will eventually reduce economic growth I sort of wonder at the absence of a link to my blog post in which I, well, refuted Reinhart and Rogoff.
OK, that post was very recent — but it’s not the first time I wrote about this issue; see here.
I don’t want to be too cranky here, but if you’re going to cite me in the title of an article, and accuse me of not having an answer to what someone else wrote, shouldn’t you do a search to see whether I have, in fact, said anything about it?
Anyway, the punchline: I’m a great admirer of the Reinhart-Rogoff work on crises — but NOT of their work claiming that 90 percent debt/GDP ratios constitute a red line, which isn’t at all up to the standard of the other material.
It’s based on a crude correlation — and as soon as you look at specific examples, it starts to look all wrong.
The details are at the links.
So as the title of this post implies, I believe I pre-refuted Galston.
Oh, and before commenting on Japan, one has to read Adam Posen (pdf).
That’s all for now; I’m hiking in an undisclosed location (the biking comes later).
So, not on the bike yet; and I’ve had a chance to read the new OECD Economic Outlook.
It’s a terrifying document.
Why?
Not because it offers a grim prospect, although it does — although the OECD has marked up its growth projections, it’s still forecasting extremely high unemployment for years to come.
No, what’s scary is the utter folly that now passes for respectable opinion.
Here’s the OECD on US monetary policy: In the United States, where some long-term measures of inflation expectations have increased and the labour market has stabilised earlier than expected, the start of normalisation [by which they mean raising interest rates] should not be delayed beyond the last quarter of 2010.
Policy interest rates should be well above half-way to neutral by end-2011, but the path of convergence to full normalisation would have to accelerate if long-term inflation expectations were to drift up further.
So the OECD wants the Fed to start raising interest rates soon — in the next six months or less — because … well, we can look at the OECD’s own forecast.
According to this forecast, in the fourth quarter of 2011 — a year and a half from now — the unemployment rate will still be 8.4 percent.
Meanwhile, inflation will be 1 percent — well below the Fed’s implicit target of 2 percent.
My view is that inflation will be lower than that — core inflation is already below 1 percent.
But even given the OECD’s forecast, what possible reason would there be to tighten monetary policy now, when the economy will still have vast excess capacity and inflation that’s too low at the end of next year?
The only explanation seems to be at the beginning of that passage: some people, the report claims, are starting to think there might be inflation, so even though they’re wrong according to our forecasts, see, we need to head off this phantom threat and slow the economy’s recovery … what?
What’s so scary about this is that the OECD virtually defines conventional wisdom; it’s a numbered-paragraph sort of place, where a committee has to sign off on everything, policing the nuances as they say.
So what we get from this is that among sensible people the idea that you should undermine recovery to appease those who think there might be inflation even though actually there isn’t has become conventional wisdom — so conventional that it’s treated as self-evident.
This is really, really bad.
The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities worries that the Obama budget commission is already giving ammunition to the deficit crazies; it cites testimony by Carmen Reinhart claiming that gross debt, not debt owed to the public, is the right measure.
I agree that this is off base.
But there’s actually a worse problem: I’m a great admirer of the Reinhart-Rogoff work on crises — but NOT of their work claiming that 90 percent debt/GDP ratios constitute a red line, which isn’t at all up to the standard of the other material.
It’s based on a crude correlation — and as soon as you look at specific examples, it starts to look all wrong.
I wrote about it here.
Reinhart and Rogoff specifically cite data from the United States showing slower growth when debt was above 90 percent of GDP.
But if you know the data at all, you know that so far, the only years in which US debt was above 90 was in the immediate postwar period, when growth was indeed slow — but not because of the debt burden; instead, the US was demobilizing after the war, with many women leaving the paid work force.
So it’s a terrible example to use.
And I suspect that much of the rest of their result reflects reverse causation: Japan had low debt and fast growth before the 90s, high debt and slow growth since, but surely we believe that Japan’s financial crisis is what both slowed growth and increased debt; similarly, the onset of Eurosclerosis is what led both to slowing growth and higher debt in Europe.
And here’s the thing: Reinhart and Rogoff have not, as far as I can tell, made any effort to disentangle the causation here.
So what’s happening is that the idea that Really Bad Things happen when debt crosses 90 percent of GDP is being treated as a solid fact, when it’s nothing of the sort.
And if the Obama commission feeds that false perception, right there it’s doing a lot of harm.
A few pedantic notes on an earlier post.
In an earlier post, I presented this graph: Unfortunately, some of the comments indicated that my point didn’t get across.
So, a few notes: 1.
This is not meant to show a causal relationship.
I used the top marginal tax rate as an indicator of the changing policy climate, with the sharp drop as conservative ideology took hold; the point then is that contrary to myth, the good years came before that shift, not after.
2.
I used a logarithmic scale for income because in that case the slope of a trend line represents the rate of growth; for those wishing I’d shown growth rates instead of levels, they’re right there if you just lay something straight along the blue line.
3.
No need to use a comparable scale for the top tax rate; see 1.
4.
Family size etc.
: this is complicated, yet simple.
One one hand, yes, families have gotten smaller, so on a per capita basis we’ve done better.
On the other hand, the typical family’s income gains since the 1970s largely reflect women entering the paid work force, so if you look at income per hour it’s actually worse than the median income.
The key point, however, is that by any measure the first half of the postwar era was much better than the second half.
5. International competition etc..
In general, having your trading partners reduced to rubble is NOT good for your standard of living, so the idea that postwar prosperity was made possible by the wreckage of WWII is odd.
Anyway, the United States did very little trade in the postwar generation, relative to GDP.
This was not an export-led boom.
The basic point I was trying to make is that the US economy did very well with tax rates and levels of regulation (and strong unions) that, according to modern mythology, should have been crippling.
That’s why conservatives have invented an alternative history in which it never happened.
Richard Green flies into a rage over remarks by Peter Wallison, who declares that Indeed, the modern era of rapid economic growth commenced after both Democratic and Republican presidents undertook to lift costly and stultifying New Deal regulations.
Green points out that growth has actually been slower since the big rightward shift circa 1980.
But what he doesn’t seem to realize is that Wallison is just following the party line.
Read almost any conservative commentator on economic history, and you’ll find that the era of postwar prosperity — the gigantic rise in living standards after World War II — has been expunged from the record.
You can see why: the facts are embarrassing.
Here’s a rough-cut version.
The blue line, left scale, shows median family income in 2008 dollars; the red line, right scale, shows the top marginal tax rate, a rough indicator of the overall stance of policy.
Basically, US postwar economic history falls into two parts: an era of high taxes on the rich and extensive regulation, during which living standards experienced extraordinary growth; and an era of low taxes on the rich and deregulation, during which living standards for most Americans rose fitfully at best.
This does not, to say the least, make the case for free-market orthodoxy.
So a large part of the right has invented an alternative history in which the good years came after, not before, the Reagan revolution.
Hey, that’s what should have happened; who you gonna believe, the doctrine or your own lying eyes?
Now, here’s what I know I’m going to hear in comments: stagflation!
Jimmy Carter!
The 70s!
You can sort of see the bad years of the late 70s in the figure; it’s that little downward wiggle in the middle.
But that wiggle must be emphasized, lest the overwhelming success of the postwar economy be noticed.
Early reaction to today’s column has been curious, though not unexpected: I’m getting a lot of rage from people who want their deficit-and-inflation crisis, and won’t take no for an answer.
Let’s back up here.
By spring 2009 a sharp division had emerged among economic commentators.
On one side, many people looked at big budget deficits and the rapid expansion of the monetary base, and saw terrible things happening to interest rates — who will finance all that government borrowing?
— and inflation — look at all that money the Fed is printing!
On the other, some of us — especially those of us who had studied Japan in the 1990s — argued that this wasn’t that kind of situation.
With the economy depressed and short-term interest rates up against the zero lower bound, government deficits would not crowd out private spending, but rather promote it.
And when you’re in that situation, expanding the monetary base isn’t inflationary.
On the contrary, the danger was deflation from excess capacity.
In effect, we’ve had a test of those two views.
And guess what?
Interest rates have fluctuated, but as of 20 minutes ago the 10-year bond rate was 3.17, yes, 3.17 percent.
Bond vigilantes, where have you gone.
Meanwhile, core inflation — and yes, that is the right measure — just keeps falling.
(As Mark Thoma points out, this is a total refutation of those who kept claiming that there is no Phillips curve.)
But as I said, the people who want their deficit-and-inflation crisis just won’t take no for an answer.
I was trying to come up with an explanation of the curious insistence that we’re facing an imminent interest rate and/or inflation crunch; then I realized that John Maynard Keynes had already done that, in explaining the hold classical economics retained on thought despite its obvious inability to account for the Great Depression: The completeness of the Ricardian victory is something of a curiosity and a mystery.
It must have been due to a complex of suitabilities in the doctrine to the environment into which it was projected.
That it reached conclusions quite different from what the ordinary uninstructed person would expect, added, I suppose, to its intellectual prestige.
That its teaching, translated into practice, was austere and often unpalatable, lent it virtue.
That it was adapted to carry a vast and consistent logical superstructure, gave it beauty.
That it could explain much social injustice and apparent cruelty as an inevitable incident in the scheme of progress, and the attempt to change such things as likely on the whole to do more harm than good, commended it to authority.
That it afforded a measure of justification to the free activities of the individual capitalist, attracted to it the support of the dominant social force behind authority.
And all of this has a real, damaging effect on policy.
The econ team at Goldman Sachs (not online) makes the interesting point that FOMC inflation forecasts are pulled up by a small group that keeps forecasting much higher inflation than anyone else; this in turn helps limit the Fed’s willingness to support the economy.
And the deficit hawks have, of course, killed any hope of more stimulus.
Anyway, I’m sure that the usual suspects won’t change their tune.
Even if we do have a Japan-style lost decade, they’ll keep predicting hyperinflation just around the corner.
The IMF has a new report (pdf) on fiscal troubles ahead; it’s characteristically full of useful information.
But the way it’s written, it’s actually quite hard to figure out what’s going on — and when you do decipher it, the story is quite different from the impression most people will get.
You see, what the report says is that there has been a fundamental deterioration in the fiscal outlook for advanced countries.
Not only are they running up a lot of debt in the crisis, but — and much more important — they will emerge from the crisis with large structural deficits that weren’t there before.
So spending cuts and tax increases loom.
But here’s the question: where are those structural deficits coming from?
It’s not interest on the debt: the IMF shows a large increase in primary (non-interest) structural deficits.
So is it permanent increases in spending?
No: the report shows that discretionary spending increases are a minor cause of rising deficits even in the crisis, and these increases will be reversed as stimulus winds down.
It takes careful reading to discover what’s really going on: The persistence of deficits reflects permanent revenue losses, primarily from a steep decline in potential GDP during the crisis, but also due to the impact of lower asset prices and financial sector profits.
Aha.
Most people who look at the IMF report will, I suspect, read it as telling a tale of government profligacy getting us into a hole.
But what the report actually says is quite different: it says that the financial crisis has made us permanently poorer, which among other things reduces revenue, and governments have to tighten their belts to make up for that loss.
The first thing we might ask is, do we really believe that a financial crisis permanently depresses the trend line of economic growth?
Yes, I know that the IMF has statistical analyses that seem to say that; but it’s not clear what the mechanism is, it’s not what standard growth models would say, so we might at least wonder how sure a thing it is.
Second, if financial crises really do that much harm, isn’t the real message of this report that we should respond to these crises with a maximum effort to prevent damage to the economy?
In particular, if having the economy depressed for a number of years reduces future potential output and hence revenue, isn’t this an argument for more aggressive — not less aggressive — fiscal policy?
In fact, I’m pretty sure that if you take the IMF’s model of the effect of slumps on potential output seriously, it actually implies that increasing government spending in a slump more or less pays for itself: it leads to higher output not just in the short run but in the long run, and therefore leads to higher revenue that very likely more than offsets the original expense.
I’m not saying that this is necessarily the truth, but it is an implication of the long-run pessimism that underlies this IMF report.
Anyway, back to the report and how it reads: my guess is that most readers won’t get, at all, the real story the IMF is telling — because that story is in effect hidden in the fine print.
So the report isn’t literally misinformation, but in practice it’s likely have that effect.
When the idea of the euro was first broached, there was extensive debate about whether Europe constituted an “optimum currency area”; the key question was whether European nations would have an adequate way to adjust to “asymmetric shocks”, which left some economies more depressed than others.
When countries have their own currencies, they can deal with such shocks, at least in part, by devaluing — an argument made most eloquently by none other than Milton Friedman (pdf).
Lacking that alternative, something else is needed.
So now we have a euro crisis, which — to me at least — hinges crucially on that very issue.
What makes Greek problems so intractable is the fact that there’s little hope for growth for years to come, because Greek costs and prices are out of line and will need years of painful deflation to get back in line.
Spain wouldn’t be in trouble at all if it weren’t for the fact that the bubble years left its costs too high, again requiring years of painful deflation.
Yet if you look at many discussions of the euro crisis, they simply ignore the adjustment issue.
Not to especially bash Marco Pagano, but how can you write a whole essay on the euro’s troubles without so much as mentioning the problem of getting relative costs and prices in line?
It’s tempting to psychoanalyze here — to note that if you pretend that it’s all about fiscal profligacy, the problem seems solvable with a bit more discipline, but if you admit that the original optimum currency area issues are key to the situation, you wonder whether the common currency really makes sense.
But whatever the reason, it’s stunning to see so many smart people pretending not to notice the elephant in the room.
Thinking about BP and the Gulf: in this old interview, Milton Friedman says that there’s no need for product safety regulation, because corporations know that if they do harm they’ll be sued.
Interviewer: So tort law takes care of a lot of this .. Friedman: Absolutely, absolutely.
Meanwhile, in the real world: In the wake of last month’s catastrophic Gulf Coast oil spill, Sen. Lisa Murkowski blocked a bill that would have raised the maximum liability for oil companies after a spill from a paltry $75 million to $10 billion.
The Republican lawmaker said the bill, introduced by Sen. Robert Menendez (D-NJ), would have unfairly hurt smaller oil companies by raising the costs of oil production.
The legislation is “not where we need to be right now” she said.
And don’t say that we just need better politicians.
If libertarianism requires incorruptible politicians to work, it’s not serious.
Is there anything more to say about Greece?
Actually, I think so.
Observers like Charles Wyplosz, who point out that the adjustment being demanded of Greece is extraordinary and hard to see happening, are right.
And yet .. one thing I haven’t seen pointed out sufficiently is that a debt restructuring, or even a complete cessation of debt service, wouldn’t do all that much to ease the burden.
Consider what Greece would get if it simply stopped paying any interest or principal on its debt.
All it would have to do then is run a zero primary deficit — taking in as much in taxes as it spends on things other than interest on its debt.
But here’s the thing: Greece is currently running a huge primary deficit — 8.5 percent of GDP in 2009.
So even a complete debt default wouldn’t save Greece from the necessity of savage fiscal austerity.
It follows, then, that a debt restructuring wouldn’t help all that much — not unless you believe that getting forgiveness on much of Greece’s existing debt would make it possible to take on substantial new debt, which doesn’t seem very likely.
The point is that the only way to seriously reduce Greek pain would be to find a way to limit the costs of fiscal austerity to the Greek economy.
And debt restructuring wouldn’t do that.
Devaluation would, if you could pull it off.
I see that Vox has reposted the classic Eichengreen paper on why you can’t.
I’ve already written that this argument, which I found extremely persuasive when first made, now seems to me less than watertight.
But let me be a little more specific.
The way things are going, it looks quite possible that Greece will spiral into domestic as well as debt crisis, and be forced to take emergency measures.
And that makes me think of Argentina in 2001.
At the time, Argentina had the convertibility law, supposedly permanently pegging the peso to the dollar — and that was supposed to be irreversible for the same reasons the euro is supposed to be irreversible now.
Namely, to repeal the law would require extensive legislative discussion, and any such discussion would set off destructive bank runs, hence there was no way to undo the fixed exchange rate.
But by late 2001 Argentina was a mess, with many emergency measures in place in an effort to contain the situation.
These included the corralito, severe restrictions on bank withdrawals to contain bank runs — and one unintended consequence of all this was that the bank runs argument against suspending convertibility became moot.
Is it really impossible to see something similar happening in Greece?
And if it does, might not other countries’ membership in the eurozone be called into question?
This drama is far from over.
There have been various versions of the “Britain is the next Greece!” story out there; a good rundown at FT Alphaville.
As they note there, however, the CDS and bond markets don’t seem to agree: So is Britain different, and why?
Some of the raw budget numbers are daunting: according to Eurostat, Britain ran a primary deficit — that is, a deficit not counting interest payments — of 9.5 percent of GDP last year.
That’s larger than Greece’s 8.5 percent.
Against that, Britain had debt of “only” 68 percent of GDP, compared with Greece’s 115 percent.
But the really big difference is in economic prospects.
Britain’s recovery hasn’t been as strong as one would like — but the economy is growing, and since deflation looks unlikely thanks to the floating exchange rate, Britain can expect to see growth of several percent a year in nominal GDP.
Greece, on the other hand, is in the euro straitjacket, and is probably condemned to years of depressed activity and deflation; S&P says it won’t regain 2008 nominal GDP until 2017, and that sounds optimistic to me.
To see the implications, imagine for a moment that both Greece and Britain were paying 5 percent on their debt, but that Britain was expecting 3 percent nominal GDP growth, Greece zero.
Then Britain would need to run a primary surplus of 1.5 percent of GDP to stabilize the debt/GDP ratio; Greece would have to run a surplus of 5.75.
Wait: there’s more.
Britain can expect some “automatic” decline in its primary deficit as the economy recovers; Greece can’t.
And one more thing: Britain can offset the depressing effects of fiscal austerity with loose monetary policy; Greece can’t.
What all this suggests is that while Britain faces a nasty adjustment, it’s within the realm of possibility; Greece, even if it had retained market confidence, would face an adjustment at least two or three times as severe.
Naturally, then, Greece has lost market confidence, turning the situation into a death spiral.
So Britain isn’t Greece – largely because it still has its own currency.
Really, that should be Gordon Brown’s slogan: “He kept us out of the euro.” And that’s the saving grace of the situation.
For a long time my view on the euro has been that it may well have been a mistake, but that bygones were bygones — it could not be undone.
I was strongly influenced by the view expressed by Barry Eichengreen in a classic 2007 article (although I had heard that argument — maybe from Barry?
— long before that piece was published): as Eichengreen argued, any move to leave the euro would require time and preparation, and during the transition period there would be devastating bank runs.
So the idea of a euro breakup was a non-starter.
But now I’m reconsidering, for a simple reason: the Eichengreen argument is a reason not to plan on leaving the euro — but what if the bank runs and financial crisis happen anyway?
In that case the marginal cost of leaving falls dramatically, and in fact the decision may effectively be taken out of policymakers’ hands.
Actually, Argentina’s departure from the convertibility law had some of that aspect.
A deliberate decision to change the law would have triggered a banking crisis; but by 2001 a banking crisis was already in full swing, as were emergency restrictions on bank withdrawals.
So the infeasible became feasible.
Think of it this way: the Greek government cannot announce a policy of leaving the euro — and I’m sure it has no intention of doing that.
But at this point it’s all too easy to imagine a default on debt, triggering a crisis of confidence, which forces the government to impose a banking holiday — and at that point the logic of hanging on to the common currency come hell or high water becomes a lot less compelling.
And if Greece is in effect forced out of the euro, what happens to other shaky members?
I think I’ll go hide under the table now.
Dean Baker gets upset by this line in today’s very useful Keith Bradsher article: China is the biggest buyer of Treasury bonds at a time when the United States has record budget deficits and needs China to keep buying those bonds to finance American debt.
As I said, this was a very good article about China; the debt line was probably inserted because it’s considered obligatory to say this in any article about US-China relations.
As it happens, however, while it’s part of what everyone knows, it’s also completely false.
Why don’t people get this?
Part of the answer is that it’s really hard for non-economists — and many economists, too!
— to wrap their minds around the Alice-through-the-looking-glass nature of economics when you’re in a liquidity trap.
Even if they’ve heard of the paradox of thrift, they don’t get the extent to which we’re living in a world where more savings — including savings supplied to your economy from outside — are a bad thing.
Also, and I think harder to forgive, is the way many commentators seem oblivious to how we got here.
Yes, we have large budget deficits — but those deficits have arisen mainly as the flip side of a collapse in private spending and borrowing.
Here’s what net borrowing by the US private and public sectors looks like in the Fed’s flow of funds report: The US private sector has gone from being a huge net borrower to being a net lender; meanwhile, government borrowing has surged, but not enough to offset the private plunge.
As a nation, our dependence on foreign loans is way down; the surging deficit is, in effect, being domestically financed.
The bottom line in all this is that we don’t need the Chinese to keep interest rates down.
If they decide to pull back, what they’re basically doing is selling dollars and buying other currencies — and that’s actually an expansionary policy for the United States, just as selling shekels and buying other currencies was an expansionary policy for Israel (it doesn’t matter who does it!).
As Dean nicely puts it, “China has an unloaded water pistol pointed at our heads.” Actually, it’s even better: China can, if it chooses, throw some cold water on us — but it’s a hot day, and we would actually enjoy it.
Carmen Reinhart has a new working paper out (subs.
req.)
that’s an extremely valuable resource: more than 100 pages of charts showing the history of debt and banking crises in many countries; sample above.
I’ll be keeping this one ready to hand for years to come.
I’ve been going through this chartbook somewhat in tandem with rereading the recent Reinhart-Rogoff paper on debt and growth (subs.
req.)
— the one that’s being widely cited as evidence that bad things happen when debt goes above 90 percent of GDP.
I sort of wondered about that result, given the ability — documented in the new Reinhart paper — of some advanced countries to manage debt burdens as high as 250 percent of GDP.
What I think I’m seeing, although I haven’t tested this carefully, is that the causal relationship largely runs from growth to debt rather than the other way around.
That is, it’s not so much that bad things happen to growth when debt is high, it’s that bad things happen to debt when growth is low.
This is definitely the case for the United States: the only period when debt was over 90 percent of GDP was in the early postwar years, when real GDP was falling, not because of debt problems, but because wartime mobilization was winding down and Rosie the Riveter was becoming a suburban housewife.
It’s also clearly true for Japan, where debt rose after growth slowed sharply in the 1990s.
And European debt levels didn’t get high until after Eurosclerosis set in.
I’m not denying that high debt can be a problem; but I think we need to be careful in assessing simple correlations.
Anyway, this is a wonderful resource.
When I was in college, we sat around eating, among other things, Screaming Yellow Zonkers; they weren’t especially tasty, but the copy on the boxes was fun.
Among the instruction was the Disappearing Zonkers Trick: After putting on your magician’s outfit, look around the house for a handkerchief, two hard boiled eggs, and a small piece of radium.
Then take seven Zonkers and place them neatly into the exact center of the handkerchief.
Two eggs are arranged near each other and under your hands.
Tie a half-hitch knot in the radium.
Then make the seven Zonkers disappear.
Your friends will be amazed.
It occurred to me that this is a pretty good description of the Ryan Roadmap plan for controlling health care costs — make a lot of proclamations about responsibility, dress up in a reformer’s costume, then make cost growth disappear.
Meanwhile, if you want actual, concrete steps to control costs, they’re actually in the Obama plan*.
The CBO scores them low, basically because nobody knows how well any given proposal will work.
But some of them will — and as David Cutler says, the odds are that the plan will save much more than the official projections.
*Curiously, the Cutler op-ed is very hard to find on the WSJ web site — not mentioned at all on the front page.
I hear through the grapevine that the usual suspects at the WSJ have put out something along the lines of “Krugman says that unemployment benefits won’t raise unemployment, but in his textbook he says they will, neener neener.” Are they really that stupid?
Probably not — but they you think that you, the reader, are that stupid.
But anyway, maybe this is a good time to explain the difference between determinants of the NAIRU — the minimum rate of unemployment consistent with a stable inflation rate — and the determinants of the unemployment rate at a point in time.
So: there are limits to how hot you can run the economy without inflationary problems.
This is usually expressed in terms of a non-accelerating-inflation unemployment rate; yes, there are some questions about whether the concept is quite right, especially at very low inflation, but that’s another issue.
Everyone agrees that really generous unemployment benefits, by reducing the incentive to seek jobs, can raise the NAIRU; that is, set limits to how far down you can push unemployment without running into inflation problems.
But in case you haven’t noticed, that’s not the problem constraining job growth in America right now.
Wage growth is declining, not rising, and so is overall inflation.
A wage-price spiral looks like a distant dream.
What’s limiting employment now is lack of demand for the things workers produce.
Their incentives to seek work are, for now, irrelevant.
That’s why comments by the likes of Sen. Kyl are so boneheaded — anyone who thinks that high unemployment in the first quarter of 2010 has anything to do with workers getting excessively generous benefits must not get out much.
And the truth is that unemployment benefits are a good, quick, administratively easy way to increase demand, which is what we really need.
So right now they have the effect of reducing unemployment.
Since I’m taking a break from shoveling, I thought I might take a few minutes to address an issue that seems to confuse many people: the idea of core inflation.
Why do we need such a concept, and how should it be measured?
So: core inflation is usually measured by taking food and energy out of the price index; but there are alternative measures, like trimmed-mean and median inflation, which are getting increasing attention.
First, let me clear up a couple of misconceptions.
Core inflation is not used for things like calculating cost-of-living adjustments for Social Security; those use the regular CPI.
And people who say things like “That’s a stupid concept — people have to spend money on food and gas, so they should be in your inflation measures” are missing the point.
Core inflation isn’t supposed to measure the cost of living, it’s supposed to measure something else: inflation inertia.
Think about it this way.
Some prices in the economy fluctuate all the time in the face of supply and demand; food and fuel are the obvious examples.
Many prices, however, don’t fluctuate this way — they’re set by oligopolistic firms, or negotiated in long-term contracts, so they’re only revised at intervals ranging from months to years.
Many wages are set the same way.
The key thing about these less flexible prices — the insight that got Ned Phelps his Nobel — is that because they aren’t revised very often, they’re set with future inflation in mind.
Suppose that I’m setting my price for the next year, and that I expect the overall level of prices — including things like the average price of competing goods — to rise 10 percent over the course of the year.
Then I’m probably going to set my price about 5 percent higher than I would if I were only taking current conditions into account.
And that’s not the whole story: because temporarily fixed prices are only revised at intervals, their resets often involve catchup.
Again, suppose that I set my prices once a year, and there’s an overall inflation rate of 10 percent.
Then at the time I reset my prices, they’ll probably be about 5 percent lower than they “should” be; add that effect to the anticipation of future inflation, and I’ll probably mark up my price by 10 percent — even if supply and demand are more or less balanced right now.
Now imagine an economy in which everyone is doing this.
What this tells us is that inflation tends to be self-perpetuating, unless there’s a big excess of either supply or demand.
In particular, once expectations of, say, persistent 10 percent inflation have become “embedded” in the economy, it will take a major period of slack — years of high unemployment — to get that rate down.
Case in point: the extremely expensive disinflation of the early 1980s.
Now, the measurement issue: we’d like to keep track of this sort of inflation inertia, both on the upside and on the downside — because just as embedded inflation is hard to get rid of, so is embedded deflation (ask the Japanese).
But in the real world, while some (many) goods behave like this, some don’t: their prices rise quickly with supply and demand changes, and don’t display inertia.
So we need a measure that extracts the signal from the noise, getting at the inertial part of the story.
The standard measure tries to do this by excluding the obviously non-inertial prices: food and energy.
But are they the whole story?
Of course not — and standard core measures have been behaving a bit erratically lately.
Hence the growing preference among many economists for measures like medians and trimmed means, which exclude prices that move by a lot in any given month, presumably therefore isolating the prices that move sluggishly, which is what we want.
And what these measures show is an ongoing process of disinflation that could, in not too long, turn into outright deflation: Japan, here we come.
Olivier Blanchard, normally at MIT but currently the chief economist at the IMF, has released an interesting and important paper on how the crisis has changed, or should have changed, how we think about macroeconomic policy.
The most surprising conclusion, presumably, is the idea that central banks have been setting their inflation targets too low: Higher average inflation, and thus higher nominal interest rates to start with, would have made it possible to cut interest rates more, thereby probably reducing the drop in output and the deterioration of fiscal positions.
To be a bit more precise, I’m not that surprised that Olivier should think that; I am, however, somewhat surprised that the IMF is letting him say that under its auspices.
In any case, I very much agree.
I would add, however, that there’s another case for a higher inflation rate — an argument made most forcefully by Akerlof, Dickens, and Perry (pdf).
It goes like this: even in the long run, it’s really, really hard to cut nominal wages.
Yet when you have very low inflation, getting relative wages right would require that a significant number of workers take wage cuts.
So having a somewhat higher inflation rate would lead to lower unemployment, not just temporarily, but on a sustained basis.
Or to put it a bit differently, the long-run Phillips curve isn’t vertical at very low inflation rates.
I think this is especially important in the European context.
As I’ve been writing in a number of posts, the period 2000-2008 saw a huge divergence in price levels between the capital-inflow nations of the European periphery and the European core.
Here are deflators, 2000=100: GDP DEFLATORS, 2000=100 Almost surely, that divergence now has to be reduced.
Yet with a low overall inflation rate for the eurozone, that means large-scale deflation in the overvalued economies if convergence is to happen any time in, say, the next 5-10 years.
(Actually, in Eurospeak I think this is cohesion rather than convergence, but never mind).
The task would be a lot easier if the eurozone had 4 percent inflation instead of 2.
So yes, let’s have modestly higher inflation.
Alas, Ben Bernanke — at least when speaking publicly — doesn’t agree.
And I can only imagine what Trichet would say.
I notice that commenters keep citing this paper by Alesina and Ardagna as if it were a definitive rejection of Keynesian economics.
So I guess I should explain why I’m not convinced.
First, the whole stimulus debate is supposed to be about what happens when interest rates are up against the zero bound.
Everything is different if the central bank is busy adjusting rates in response to conditions, and may well raise rates to offset the effects of any fiscal expansion.
Yet the Alesina-Ardagna analysis doesn’t make that distinction; Japan in the 90s, which was up against the zero bound, is treated the same as a batch of countries in the 70s and 80s, when interest rates were quite high.
Second, they use a statistical method to identify fiscal expansions — trying to identify large changes in the structural balance.
But how well does that technique work?
When I want to think about Japan, I go to the work of Adam Posen, who tells me that Japan’s only really serious stimulus plan came in 1995.
So I turn to the appendix table in Alesina/Ardagna, and find that 1995 isn’t there — whereas 2005 and 2007, which I’ve never heard of as stimulus years, are.
So to put it bluntly, I’m not much persuaded by a paper that doesn’t even identify the one clear example we have in the postwar period of large Keynesian stimulus in a zero-rate environment.
Are there any papers that, in my view, do this right?
Yes: Almunia et al, which uses data from the 30s — a zero-rate era — and uses defense spending as an instrument to identify spending changes.
And their results look pretty Keynesian.
Now, if you want an (what?
somehow that got left in)
If you read much of what’s being said these days by respectable people, you’d believe that deficits are always and everywhere the main source of economic problems.
But, you know, that’s not really true.
A couple of samples from today’s Times — not terrible examples, but illustrative of the prevailing conventional wisdom.
David Sanger asserts that the United States could begin to suffer the same disease that has afflicted Japan over the past decade.
As debt grew more rapidly than income, that country’s influence around the world eroded.
Is that really true?
I thought Japan’s influence has waned because of its economic stagnation, its failure to maintain its status as an economic superpower; I have never heard anyone cite the debt as a central cause.
Bear in mind that so far, at least, Japan has had no problems financing its deficits.
Btw, it’s also not true, as the article asserts, that “Chinese leadership” is lending much of the money to finance the U.S. government’s spending.
I keep trying to tell people this: the surge in government borrowing has been more than offset by a plunge in private borrowing, and we’re less dependent on foreign financing than we have been for a long time.
Meanwhile, the Times has an editorial on the troubles of the euro, which is perfectly fine as far as it goes.
But by focusing on Greece, it might lead readers to believe that the euro’s woes are essentially fiscal — that the problem is spendthrift governments that never lived within their means.
Not so.
The biggest trouble spot isn’t Greece, it’s Spain — which was running budget surpluses just a few years ago.
True, Spain is running big deficits now — but that’s because of its economic collapse.
And underlying that collapse is the real problem with the euro: one-size-fits-all monetary policy, which offers no relief to countries that suffer adverse shocks.
There are two things that are frustrating about the fiscalization of our discourse.
First, it’s taking place even though many, probably most good economists have been arguing strenuously for a more sophisticated view.
Second, many of the people insisting that deficits are the big issue probably don’t even realize that they’re taking a questionable position — it’s just part of what everyone thinks they know.
Against conventional wisdom, the gods themselves …
Some commenters on my Europe/euro post offer a reductio ad absurdum: if Spain should have its own currency, why not every state/town/family in America?
Strange to say, economists have thought about that — a lot.
It’s called optimal currency area theory.
(Optimal?
Optimum?
Nobody seems to know — or care).
The basic idea is that there’s a tradeoff.
Having your own currency makes it easier to make necessary adjustments in prices and wages, an argument that goes back to none other than Milton Friedman.
As opposed to this, having multiple currencies raises the costs of doing business across national borders.
What determines which side of this tradeoff you should take?
Clearly, countries that do a lot of trade with each other have more incentive to adopt a common currency: the euro makes more sense than a currency union between, say, Malaysia and Ecuador.
Beyond that, the literature suggests several other things that might matter.
High labor mobility makes it easier to adjust to asymmetric shocks; so does fiscal integration.
When EMU began as a project, there were a number of studies comparing the EU with the United States.
What all of them suggested was that Europe was less suitable as a currency area, basically because of lower labor mobility and lack of fiscal union.
That didn’t settle the question of whether the euro was a good idea, but it did suggest that appealing to the success of the United States with a single currency didn’t tell you much.
What I’ve always found interesting is the way many Europeans now insist that a single currency is absolutely essential, when the example of Canada — which is closer to the United States than it is to itself — provides an obvious counterexample.
But people tend to forget that Canada exists …
One thing that often becomes clear when we talk about prospects for next year — which worry me — is that there’s a lot of confusion over the timing of stimulus impacts.
Even well-informed people will say things like “we’ve only spent a quarter of the money, so let’s wait and see what happens.” Menzie Chinn tried to get at this confusion recently; here’s my take.
Let me work with a stylized numerical example.
It doesn’t quite match the real stimulus — there’s no distinction between spending and tax cuts, and it tails off much faster than the real thing.
But I think it’s close enough to make the point.
Here’s the table: In the table, “Rate” is the total stimulus spending within each quarter.
“Change” is the change in stimulus spending from the previous quarter.
And “Cumulative is the total spending to date.
Now think about three questions you might ask.
The first is, how much higher is GDP this quarter than it would be without the stimulus?
This should depend on “Rate” — on the quantity of goods and services the government is buying right now.
The second question is, how much faster is GDP growth this quarter than it would be without the stimulus?
This should depend on “Change” — on the extent to which the government is buying more stuff than it did last quarter.
Finally, you can ask, how much of the stimulus money has been spent?
For that you want to look at “Cumulative”, and compare it with the final total for that column.
Now the point is that “Rate”, in real life, follows an inverted U.
The peak effect on the level of GDP comes at the top of the curve, but the peak effect on growth comes earlier, before the curve flattens out.
In the table above, spending peaks in the second quarter of 2010, but the peak impact on growth is in the third quarter of 2009, i.e., it’s behind us.
That’s true even though by the end of 2009 less than a third of the money has been spent.
And when the spending begins to tail off, the effect on growth turns negative.
What does this really look like?
Menzie gives us the chart from Deutsche Bank, which is similar to other estimates, e.g.
from Goldman Sachs: You can see why I and many others are worried about the second half of next year.
Mark Thoma has a nice chart relating excess capacity in manufacturing to unemployment:  This offers a slightly different take on an issue I’ve been worrying about for a long time: recoveries don’t seem to be what they used to be.
Mark points out that in pre-90s recessions, rising capacity utilization — which coincides with the official end of the recession — was also marked by falling unemployment, right away.
Since then, however, unemployment has seemed to follow the turnaround in capacity utilization only with a long lag.
Why the change?
I argued in the piece above that it reflects, at least in part, a change in the nature of recessions.
Here’s a somewhat better chart than the one I originally used: What this shows (you have to squint a bit) is that earlier recessions were preceded by sharp rises in interest rates, as the Fed tried to choke off inflation.
This produced a housing slump, with a lot of pent-up demand; when the Fed decided that we had suffered enough, it relented, and both housing and the economy sprang back.
But later recessions took place in a low-inflation environment, in which booms died natural deaths from overextended credit and overbuilding.
Getting the economy growing fast enough to bring unemployment down after these recessions was therefore much harder, since the usual channel of monetary policy — housing — lacked any pent-up demand.
So what about our current situation?
It’s just like the two previous “postmodern” recessions, only more so, since the bubble before the slump was in housing itself.
This suggests a long period of jobless growth; so does the international evidence on the aftermath of financial crises.
That said, there’s been a lot of optimism out there lately, reflected in the steepening yield curve.
I’d like to think that’s right.
But Ed McKelvey at Goldman (no link) has a new report titled “Recovery more Ho-Hum than Ho-ho-ho”, in which he acknowledges that growth will be good this quarter, but presents evidence that it’s all a temporary inventory bounce.
We’re not out of this, by a long shot.
It seems that more and more Serious People (and Fox News) are rallying around the idea that if Obama really wants to create jobs, he should cut the minimum wage.
So let me repeat a point I made a number of times back when the usual suspects were declaring that FDR prolonged the Depression by raising wages: the belief that lower wages would raise overall employment rests on a fallacy of composition.
In reality, reducing wages would at best do nothing for employment; more likely it would actually be contractionary.
Here’s how the fallacy works: if some subset of the work force accepts lower wages, it can gain jobs.
If workers in the widget industry take a pay cut, this will lead to lower prices of widgets relative to other things, so people will buy more widgets, hence more employment.
But if everyone takes a pay cut, that logic no longer applies.
The only way a general cut in wages can increase employment is if it leads people to buy more across the board.
And why should it do that?
Well, the textbook argument — illustrated in this little writeup — runs like this: lower wages lead to a lower overall price level.
This increases the real money supply, and therefore liquidity.
As people try to make use of their excess liquidity, interest rates go down, leading to an overall rise in demand.
Even in this case, it’s hard to see the point of cutting wages: you could achieve the same effect, much more easily, simply by having the Fed increase the money supply.
But what if we’re in a liquidity trap, with short-run interest rates at zero?
Then the Fed can’t achieve anything by increasing the money supply; but by the same token, wage cuts do nothing to increase demand.
* Wait, it gets worse.
A falling price level raises the real value of debt.
To the extent that debtors are more likely to cut spending in such a case than creditors are to increase it — which seems likely — the effect of the wage cuts will actually be a fall in demand.
And one more thing: to the extent that people expect further declines in wages and prices, this raises real interest rates, which is even more contractionary.
So proposing wage cuts as a solution to unemployment is a totally counterproductive idea.
Not that I expect any of this discussion to make any impact on those proposing it.
* Somebody is going to ask, what about the real balance effect?
Doesn’t a falling price level make people wealthy, by raising the real value of the money they hold.
The answer is, consider the magnitudes.
Before the crisis, the monetary base — the system’s “outside money” — was around $800 billion.
(It’s a much more confusing situation now, so I won’t try to parse the current numbers here).
This means that even a 10 percent fall in the price level, which is very hard to achieve, would raise real wealth by only $80 billion.
Compare this with the effects of the decline in housing and stock prices, which reduced household wealth by $13 trillion in 2008.
The real balance effect is totally trivial.
I’ve written a brief Samuelson appreciation for Vox EU.
I’m cross-posting it here, below the fold.
There have been hedgehogs; there have been foxes; and then there was Paul Samuelson.
I’m referring, of course, to Isaiah Berlin’s famous distinction among thinkers – foxes who know many things, and hedgehogs who know one big thing.
What distinguished Paul Samuelson as an economic thinker, making him like nobody else, past or present, was the fact that he knew – and taught us – many big things.
No economist has ever had so many seminal ideas.
With a little help from Google Scholar, I’ve compiled a list of some of Samuelson’s big ideas.
I say “some” because I’m sure it’s not complete.
But anyway, here are eight – eight!
– seminal insights, each of which gave rise to a vast and continuing research literature: 1.
Revealed preference: There was a revolution in consumer theory in the 1930s, as economists realized that there was much more to consumer choice than diminishing marginal utility.
But it was Samuelson who taught us how much can be inferred from the simple proposition that what people choose must be something they prefer to something else they could have afforded but don’t choose.
2.
Welfare economics: What does it mean to say that one economic outcome is better than another?
This was a blurry concept before Samuelson came in, with much confusion about how to think about income distribution.
Samuelson taught us how to use the concept of redistribution by an ethical observer to make sense of the concept of social welfare – and thereby also taught us the limits of that concept in the real world, where there is no such observer and redistribution usually doesn’t happen.
3.
Gains from trade: What does it mean to say that international trade is beneficial?
What are the limits of that proposition?
The starting point is Samuelson’s analysis of the gains from trade, which drew on both revealed preference and his welfare analysis.
And everything since, from the distortions analysis of Bhagwati and Johnson, to the generalized comparative advantage concepts of Deardorff, has been based on that insight.
4.
Public goods: Why must some goods and services be provided by the government?
What makes some, but only some, goods suitable for private markets?
It all goes back to Samuelson’s 1954 “Pure theory of public expenditure”.
5.
Factor-proportions trade theory: Every time we talk about resources and comparative advantage, every time we worry about the effect of trade on income distribution, we’re harking back to Samuelson’s work in the 1940s and 1950s: he took the vague, confusing ideas of Ohlin and Heckscher, and turned them into a sharp-edged model that defined most trade theory for a generation, and remains a key part of the modern synthesis.
6.
Exchange rates and the balance of payments: A bit of personal storytelling: Most people who work in international trade tend to lose the thread when the discussion turns to exchange rates and the balance of payments; as I’ve sometimes put it, the real trade people regard international macro as voodoo, while the international macro people regard real trade as boring and irrelevant (and when I’m in a sour mood, I suggest that both are right).
But I was saved from all that when I read Dornbusch, Fischer and Samuelson 1977 on Ricardian trade, which among other things showed how trade and macro, exchange rates and the balance of payments, the possibility of gains from trade but also the possibility of unemployment, all fit together.
What I learned later was that Samuelson grasped these issues much earlier, although the neatness of the DFS formulation surely helped get them across.
Here’s what he wrote in his 1964 paper “Theoretical notes on trade problems”: “With employment less than full and Net National Product suboptimal, all the debunked mercantilist arguments turn out to be valid.” And he went on to mention the appendix to the latest edition of his Economics, “pointing out the genuine problems for free-trade apologetics raised by overvaluation”.
The solution, of course, was to end the overvaluation rather than restrict trade; Samuelson understood that good macroeconomic policies are a prerequisite for good microeconomic policies.
More on that in a minute.
7.
Overlapping generations: Samuelson’s 1958 overlapping-generations model of borrowing and lending is the ur-framework for thinking about everything from Social Security to household debt.
It’s hard to imagine macro without it.
8.
Random-walk finance: Samuelson’s demonstration that forward-looking investors imply randomly fluctuation prices is the starting point for much of modern finance.
As I said, I’m sure there’s more.
But notice that any one of these ideas, all by itself, would have been considered enough to make Samuelson a great economist.
Nobody, but nobody, has done this much.
So how did he do it?
By being smarter than anyone else, of course.
But there were also, I’d suggest, two aspects of Samuelson’s intellectual makeup that empowered his intellectual quest.
The first was his playfulness.
Read Samuelson’s work, and what you get is the sense of a man who, rather than sitting down to write Very Serious Papers, was having fun with ideas.
Sometimes the playfulness boiled over into inspired silliness.
Look at footnote #9 in his overlapping-generations paper, where he writes: “Surely, no sentence beginning with the word ‘surely’ can validly contain a question mark at its end?
However, one paradox is enough for one article …” It seems clear to me that Samuelson’s playfulness liberated his imagination, and fueled his creativity.
And yet Samuelson was at the same time always grounded in reality.
No ivory-tower academic he: he remained deeply interested in events and policy, he played the markets, he never let his theories override his sense of the way things actually were.
Which brings me, finally, to Samuelson’s great contribution to economic policymaking: the Keynesian synthesis.
Samuelson was, intellectually, a Depression baby: he came of intellectual age in an environment of mass unemployment.
His textbook brought Keynesian thinking to a broad audience.
And he never forgot that markets can malfunction terribly.
How, then, could economic theory on the virtues of markets be of any real-world use?
Samuelson’s answer was that good macro policies come first.
Monetary and fiscal policy had to be employed to assure more or less full employment (and as I’ve pointed out elsewhere, Samuelson appreciated the limits of monetary policy in a way that seems incredibly prescient today).
Exchange rates had to be adjusted to assure competitiveness.
Only then could the virtues of markets come into play.
It was a lesson that too many economists forgot, as they immersed themselves in the lovely math of perfect markets.
But Samuelson’s realism – his understanding that markets are great things, but need to be supported by government activism — has never seemed more relevant than it does now.
So let us praise Paul Anthony Samuelson, the incomparable economist.
There has never been, and will never be, anyone to match him.
Via Mark Thoma, Rajiv Sethi argues that wage flexibility wouldn’t be much help in fighting unemployment.
Indeed — but it’s simpler than he suggests.
There was a fairly extensive discussion of this issue in the econoblogosphere a year ago; here’s my quick exposition and a brief wonkish set of notes.
Quoting myself: Under depression-type conditions, with short-term interest rates near zero, there’s no reason to think that lower wages for all workers — as opposed to lower wages for a particular group of workers — would lead to higher employment.
Chalk this up as another case of Dark Age macroeconomics: Keynes explained all of this 73 years ago, but the freshwater guys are reinventing old errors, completely unaware that someone has been over this ground.
Update: I should also mention that you don’t need to go back to Tobin 1975 to see serious academic analysis of the issue.
Gautti Eggertson at the NY Fed has been doing yeoman work on all of this, for example here.
One thing you hear all the time is that protectionism caused the Great Depression.
I’ve always seen this as an attempt at a Noble Lie; there’s no good reason to believe that it’s true, but it has been used to scare governments into maintaining relatively free trade.
But the truth is quite different, as a new paper by Barry Eichengreen and Doug Irwin shows.
Protectionism was a result of the Depression, not a cause.
Rising tariffs didn’t even play a large role in the initial trade contraction; like the spectacular trade contraction in the current crisis, the decline in trade in the early 30s was overwhelmingly the result of the overall economic implosion.
Where protectionism really mattered was in preventing a recovery in trade when production recovered.
So let’s tell it like it was.
If free trade is a good idea — which it mostly is — it should be sold on its genuine merits, not with scare stories.
Many people on Wall Street are now warning that there’s a huge bubble in government debt, that interest rates will spike any day now; it’s a warning that clearly has the Obama administration’s ear.
A good sample is this piece from Morgan Stanley, according to which “Our US economics team expects bond yields to rise to 5.5% by the end of 2010 – an increase of 220bp that outstrips the 137bp increase in the fed funds rate expected over the same horizon.” Btw: what?
Almost everyone expects unemployment in late 2010 to remain close to 10%.
Why, exactly, would the Fed funds rate rise sharply?
Anyway, I was wondering: it’s my impression that the same people now warning about the alleged Treasury bubble dismissed warnings about the housing bubble.
Is this true?
I think so.
Morgan Stanley, September 2006: The pessimists argue that the bursting of a putative housing bubble means that prices could decline significantly.
There is some risk that prices could decelerate faster or even decline in real terms — after all, investment and speculative activity has picked up in the past five years.
But the character of housing demand makes the much-feared decline in prices on a nationwide basis unlikely … Hmmm.
Many people on Wall Street are now warning that there’s a huge bubble in government debt, that interest rates will spike any day now; it’s a warning that clearly has the Obama administration’s ear.
A good sample is this piece from Morgan Stanley, according to which “Our US economics team expects bond yields to rise to 5.5% by the end of 2010 – an increase of 220bp that outstrips the 137bp increase in the fed funds rate expected over the same horizon.” Btw: what?
Almost everyone expects unemployment in late 2010 to remain close to 10%.
Why, exactly, would the Fed funds rate rise sharply?
Anyway, I was wondering: it’s my impression that the same people now warning about the alleged Treasury bubble dismissed warnings about the housing bubble.
Is this true?
I think so.
Morgan Stanley, September 2006: The pessimists argue that the bursting of a putative housing bubble means that prices could decline significantly.
There is some risk that prices could decelerate faster or even decline in real terms — after all, investment and speculative activity has picked up in the past five years.
But the character of housing demand makes the much-feared decline in prices on a nationwide basis unlikely … Hmmm.
From various bat squeaks I’ve put together a view of what I think lies behind the surprising — and damaging — deficit squeamishness of the Obama administration.
So here’s what I think they’re thinking — and why it’s wrong-headed.
(Fairly wonkish stuff after the jump).
On the face of it, there’s no reason to be worried about interest rates on US debt.
Despite large deficits, the Federal government is able to borrow cheaply, at rates that are up from the early post-Lehman period, when market were pricing in a substantial probability of a second Great Depression, but well below the pre-crisis levels: Underlying these low rates is, in turn, the fact that overall borrowing by the nonfinancial sector hasn’t risen: the surge in government borrowing has in fact, less than offset a plunge in private borrowing.
So what’s the problem?
Well, what I hear is that officials don’t trust the demand for long-term government debt, because they see it as driven by a “carry trade”: financial players borrowing cheap money short-term, and using it to buy long-term bonds.
They fear that the whole thing could evaporate if long-term rates start to rise, imposing capital losses on the people doing the carry trade; this could, they believe, drive rates way up, even though this possibility doesn’t seem to be priced in by the market.
What’s wrong with this picture?
First of all, what would things look like if the debt situation were perfectly OK?
The answer, it seems to me, is that it would look just like what we’re seeing.
Bear in mind that the whole problem right now is that the private sector is hurting, it’s spooked, and it’s looking for safety.
So it’s piling into “cash”, which really means short-term debt.
(Treasury bill rates briefly went negative yesterday).
Meanwhile, the public sector is sustaining demand with deficit spending, financed by long-term debt.
So someone has to be bridging the gap between the short-term assets the public wants to hold and the long-term debt the government wants to issue; call it a carry trade if you like, but it’s a normal and necessary thing.
Now, you could and should be worried if this thing looked like a great bubble — if long-term rates looked unreasonably low given the fundamentals.
But do they?
Long rates fluctuated between 4.5 and 5 percent in the mid-2000s, when the economy was driven by an unsustainable housing boom.
Now we face the prospect of a prolonged period of near-zero short-term rates — I don’t see any reason for the Fed funds rate to rise for at least a year, and probably two — which should mean substantially lower long rates even if you expect yields eventually to rise back to 2005 levels.
And if we’re facing a Japanese-type lost decade, which seems all too possible, long rates are in fact still unreasonably high.
Still, what about the possibility of a squeeze, in which rising rates for whatever reason produce a vicious circle of collapsing balance sheets among the carry traders, higher rates, and so on?
Well, we’ve seen enough of that sort of thing not to dismiss the possibility.
But if it does happen, it’s a financial system problem — not a deficit problem.
It would basically be saying not that the government is borrowing too much, but that the people conveying funds from savers, who want short-term assets, to the government, which borrows long, are undercapitalized.
And the remedy should be financial, not fiscal.
Have the Fed buy more long-term debt; or let the government issue more short-term debt.
Whatever you do, don’t undermine recovery by calling off jobs creation.
The point is that it’s crazy to let the rescue of the economy be held hostage to what is, if it’s an issue at all, a technical matter of maturity mismatch.
And again, it’s not clear that it even is an issue.
What the worriers seem to regard as a danger sign — that supposedly awful carry trade — is exactly what you would expect to see even if fiscal policy were on a perfectly sustainable trajectory.
And one last point: I just don’t think the inner circle gets how much danger we’re in from another vicious circle, one that’s real, not hypothetical.
The longer high unemployment drags on, the greater the odds that crazy people will win big in the midterm elections — dooming us to economic policy failure on a truly grand scale.
Back in 1993, James Carville — frustrated over the way fear of rising interest rates was crimping the Clinton agenda — declared, I used to think if there was reincarnation, I wanted to come back as the president or the pope or a .400 baseball hitter.
But now I want to come back as the bond market.
You can intimidate everybody.
Right now, however, the bond market seems notably unworried by deficits.
Long-term interest rates are low; inflation expectations are contained (too well contained, actually, since higher expected inflation would be helpful).
No problem, right?
Alas, I’m getting the sense that the Obama administration is intimidated all the same.
We’ve got the president telling Fox News that he’s worried about a double-dip recession if he doesn’t reduce the deficit soon — as opposed to the concern I and other have that he’ll have a double dip if he doesn’t provide more support.
(And why is Obama talking to Fox News, btw?)
And the buzz is that admin economic officials are telling him that the bond market needs to be appeased, even though rates are low.
This is truly amazing.
It’s one thing to be intimidated by bond market vigilantes.
It’s another to be intimidated by the fear that bond market vigilantes might show up one of these days, even though you’re currently able to sell long-term bonds at an interest rate of less than 3.5%.
Yet that, according to rumors, is what’s happening.
Let’s hope the rumors are false.
For we really need to be doing more about employment — and the debt outlook isn’t that dire, at least by comparison with past experience in advanced countries: It would be a very, very bad thing if the administration is intimidated into passivity in the face of an employment disaster — or, worse, into neo-Hooverism — by the threat from invisible, and probably imaginary, enforcers.
Aha.
I see that some commenters insist that I was unfair or, some insist, intellectually dishonest in my post on the fact that advanced economies actually grew faster in the era before modern finance took hold.
There have been assertions that it was all about rebuilding from the war, or that the picture looks very different if you look at per capita real GDP, with some flat assertions that if you look at the numbers right growth has been better since 1980s.
Um, no.
Take the United States, which wasn’t damaged in the war.
Take per capita real GDP.
Give hostages by taking data from 1950 to 1980, which means including the 1980 recession, but stopping at 2007, so that the current slump isn’t included.
Then here’s what you get: Growth in per capita real GDP from 1950 to 1980: 2.2 percent per year Growth in per capita real GDP from 1980 to 2007: 2.0 percent per year Oh, and if we look at real median family income instead, we get: Growth from 1950 to 1980: 2.3 percent per year Growth from 1980 to 2007: 0.7 percent per year Sorry: there’s no measure I can think of by which the U.S. economy has done better since 1980 than it did over an equivalent time span before 1980.
It may be something you’ve heard, it may be something you’d like to believe, but it just didn’t happen.
David Beckworth has been getting a lot of attention with this figure on nominal spending: And it’s certainly suggestive.
But I disagree with the interpretation that this shows that the current slump is mainly about insufficiently expansionary monetary policy.
And more broadly, I think that efforts to make sense of recent events in terms of money velocity — such as, in particular, Bruce Bartlett’s — aren’t helpful (although Bartlett’s actual policy conclusions are fine).
Here’s my problem.
Underlying the focus on nominal demand or GDP is some notion that there’s a quantity equation: MV = PY where M is the money supply, V the velocity of money, P the price level, Y real GDP.
And of course this always holds true, by definition.
But the temptation is to take it as a causal relationship — to say that real GDP fell because nominal GDP fell, and that this in turn was caused by either a fall in M or a fall in V; and furthermore that any such decline is a failure of monetary policy, because the central bank should have either prevented the fall in M or increased M enough to offset the fall in V. A dozen years ago I would probably have agreed.
But way back in 1998 I tried to think my way through Japan’s situation with a little intertemporal model, and surprised myself with the conclusion: under liquidity-trap conditions, it doesn’t matter at all what happens to M. In that model, prices are assumed sticky in the short run, so P is predetermined.
What, then, determines Y?
Well, it’s a real thing — as opposed to a nominal thing.
In the model it’s actually tied down by an Euler condition, by future consumption and the real interest rate (which is stuck thanks to the zero lower bound).
Monetary policy has no traction at all against the right hand side of the equation.
Now, the equation still holds.
But all that tells us is that any changes in the money supply are offset one for one by changes in velocity.
Focusing on nominal spending makes you think that low nominal spending is the problem, a problem with a monetary solution; but actually it’s the symptom, and monetary policy doesn’t matter (unless it can affect expected future inflation, but that’s another story).
Actually, in the real world it’s even worse, because central banks don’t control the money supply, they only control the monetary base.
Broad aggregates like M2 may well be unaffected by what the central bank does: increase the monetary base, and all that happens is an offsetting fall in the money multiplier.
The bottom line is that when you’re in a liquidity trap, focusing on nominal magnitudes doesn’t clarify matters; it obscures them.
Matthew Yglesias catches Eugene Fama making a strange assertion: Beginning in the early 1980s, the developed world and some big players in the developing world experienced a period of extraordinary growth.
It’s reasonable to argue that in facilitating the flow of world savings to productive uses around the world, financial markets and financial institutions played a big role in this growth.
The assertion about developed countries is, of course, entirely wrong.
From Angus Maddison’s dataset: And as Matt points out, the giant success story in the developing world was China, where the driver was the end of Communism — not modern finance.
Actually, it’s even more absurd to give finance the credit than Matt realizes: China has not been experiencing net inflows of capital, partly because it has maintained capital controls, effectively insulating itself from the whole finance thing.
So why does Fama believe that something wonderful happened around 1980?
Part of it, I suspect, is that in his milieu the politically correct thing is to pretend that nothing good happened until Reagan came along.
And this has a truly weird effect in the American context: the best quarter-century of growth America has ever experienced, the postwar generation — which happens to be the era during which many of the founders of neoconservatism came of age!
— has gone down the memory hole.
After all, it’s impossible that living standards would double under a regime of high marginal tax rates, generous minimum wages, and strong unions.
So it just didn’t happen.
That’s the title of my paper for Alan Deardorff’s festschrift volume.
Draft here.
Warning: largely incomprehensible.
The good news from the new GDP report is that the fiscal stimulus seems to be working just about the way a sensible Keynesian approach says it should.
The bad news from the new GDP report is that the fiscal stimulus seems to be working just about the way a sensible Keynesian approach says it should.
Josh Bivens at EPI has a good overview of the evidence that the stimulus is working.
As he says, A serious look at the evidence argues that this debate should be closed: ARRA has played a starring role in pushing the economy into positive growth.
In another piece, Bivens notes that the usual suspects are now moving the goalposts, conceding that the stimulus is producing growth but saying that it’s not “genuine” growth because … it was caused by the stimulus.
Ahem.
Actually, the whole rationale for fiscal stimulus — a rationale you can derive from models with all the intertemporal maximizing stuff, if you like — is that it puts resources that would otherwise be unemployed to work.
If you do that, you’ve helped the economy; there’s no distinction between genuine and artificial employment.
OK, now for the bad news.
What we’d really like to see isn’t just successful job creation; we’d like to see “pump-priming” or “jump-starting” — that is, we’d like to see stimulus jolting the economy into self-sustaining growth.
It’s important to understand that this isn’t required to make stimulus worthwhile — it’s neither a prediction of the standard models nor a part of the basic welfare argument for stimulus.
But it would be nice if it happened.
And more to the point, if there isn’t a whole lotta jump-starting going on, the original judgment I and others reached — that the stimulus is way too small — stands.
The basic economic logic says that the stimulus should aim to close the output gap.
And it’s obviously not remotely large enough to be doing that right now.
Nor will it come close in the future.
Here’s a useful table from EPI on the stimulus so far: The key point from this table is that while most of the stimulus has yet to be spent, the rate of spending as a percentage of GDP is already fairly high (take that, Richard Posner), close to the maximum it will reach over the whole course of the plan.
That means that we’ve already seen much if not most of the impact of the stimulus on growth.
A few caveats apply — mainly, some of the indirect effects will still mount over time.
For example, the ARRA has probably saved as many schoolteachers’ jobs as it’s going to — but the indirect effect of those jobs saved on, say, employment at the stores where the teachers buy their groceries hasn’t been fully felt yet.
That’s why Christy Romer says that the ARRA’s effect won’t peak until the middle of next year.
Still, we’ve gotten the big boost, and it’s clearly far short of what we really need.
And yes, we can afford more.
Whenever exchange rates enter into discussion, certain zombie fallacies — ideas that you kill repeatedly, but refuse to die — inevitably make their appearance.
What I’m hearing a lot now is the old line that exchange rates have nothing to do with international imbalances: the trade deficit is the difference between investment spending and savings, and that’s all there is to it.
It’s a fallacy that John Williamson of the Institute for International Economics calls the doctrine of immaculate transfer.
So let me try killing the zombie once again.
The starting point is to imagine what the world might look like if it (1) returns to more or less full employment (2) experiences a significant reduction in imbalances — in particular, a much lower US trade deficit.
For (2) to happen, the US must start spending more within its means; overall spending will have to fall relative to GDP.
Correspondingly, spending in the rest of the world must rise.
But that’s not the end of the story.
Suppose that spending in the United States falls by $500 billion, while spending in the rest of the world rises by $500 billion.
Other things equal, most of that decline in US spending would fall on US-produced goods and services.
Remember, even if you buy Chinese stuff at Walmart, much of the price represents US distribution and retailing costs.
The world, you might say, is a long way from being truly flat.
Meanwhile, a much smaller fraction of the rise in spending abroad will fall on US products.
So other things equal, this reallocation of spending would lead to an excess supply of US goods and services, an excess demand for goods and services produced elsewhere.
(Trade economists know that I’m talking about the transfer problem.)
So something has to give — specifically, the relative price of US output, and along with it such things as US relative wages, has to fall.
There are three ways this could happen: (1) deflation in the United States (2) inflation in the rest of the world (3) a depreciation of the dollar against other currencies.
Leave (2) aside, on the grounds that central banks will fight it.
Then the choice is between (1) and (3).
And here’s the thing: deflation is hard (ask Spain), because prices are sticky in nominal terms.
How do we know that?
Lots of evidence.
See, for example, A Sticky Price Manifesto by Larry Ball and some guy named Mankiw.
But the most compelling evidence — familiar to international macro people, but oddly uncited by most domestic macroeconomists — comes from exchange rates.
The first person to make this point was probably none other than Milton Friedman (cue Brad DeLong on the decline of the Chicago School), but the really influential quantitative analysis was by Michael Mussa.
Mussa pointed out that a funny thing happens when countries move from fixed to floating exchange rates: the nominal exchange rate becomes much more variable, of course, but so does the real exchange rate — the exchange rate adjusted for price levels.
Meanwhile, relative inflation rates remain within a narrow band.
The obvious interpretation is that once the exchange rate is freed, it bounces around a lot, while domestic prices in domestic currency are sticky, and don’t move much.
Here’s an updated version of Mussa’s point.
The top figure shows quarterly log changes in the US-Germany real exchange rate; the bottom figure divides this into nominal exchange rate changes and inflation differentials.
The Mussa point is crystal clear.
So, the bottom line: to narrow international imbalances, we need a lower relative price of US output.
Because prices are sticky, by far the easiest way to get there is dollar depreciation.
This article in today’s Times stresses the rise in government debt, which is true enough.
But it’s important to realize that the bond market is conspicuously not worried.
Thus, when the article says For jittery investors, Japan’s rising sea of debt is the stuff of nightmares: the possibility of an eventual sovereign debt crisis, where the country would be unable to pay some holders of its bonds, or a destabilizing collapse in the value of the yen.
In the immediate term, Mr. Fujii’s remarks prompted concerns of a supply glut in bond markets, sending prices on 10-year Japanese government bonds down 0.087 yen, to 99.56 yen, and yields to their highest point in six weeks.
it’s worth noticing what that 6-week high yield on 10-year bonds is: namely, 1.36%.
That’s actually the lowest interest rate being paid by any advanced economy, two percentage points lower than Germany’s rate.
If investors fear a default or a destabilizing collapse in the yen, that fear certainly isn’t reflected in Japan’s borrowing costs.
The reason Japanese bond yields are so low is, of course, that investors expect much lower inflation in Japan than elsewhere — in fact, the spread between ordinary bonds and inflation-linked bonds suggests that investors expect substantial deflation in Japan over the next five years, hardly what you’d see if they were worried about an imminent collapse in the yen.
Oh, and the CDS spread on Japanese debt is slightly higher than that of Germany, but nowhere near the levels of countries that are in clear and present fiscal danger.
So, is Japan on the fiscal brink?
Mr. Market doesn’t seem to think so.
Fed chairman are expected to speak in code, so that reading their remarks is a bit like watching the famous scene in Annie Hall where the conversation between the lovers is subtitled with what they’re really saying.
So when Ben Bernanke says this: Another set of lessons that Asian economies took from the crisis of the 1990s may be more problematic.
Because strong export markets helped Asia recover from that crisis, and because many countries in the region were badly hurt by sharp reversals in capital flows, the crisis strengthened Asia’s commitment to export-led growth, backed up with large current account surpluses and mounting foreign exchange reserves.
In many respects, that model has served Asia well, contributing to the rapid growth rates in the region over the past decade.
In fact, it bears repeating that evidence from the world over shows trade openness to be an important source of economic growth.
However, too great a reliance on external demand can also pose problems.
In particular, trade surpluses achieved through policies that artificially enhance incentives for domestic saving and the production of export goods distort the mix of domestic industries and the allocation of resources, resulting in an economy that is less able to meet the needs of its own citizens in the longer term.
the subtitle reads HEY, CHINA, STOP ACCUMULATING DOLLARS — IT’S TIME TO REVALUE YOUR CURRENCY But does the United States dare put pressure on the Chinese to do that?
People constantly say that we can’t risk it — that we’re dependent on China to keep buying our debt.
Yet this is all wrong under current circumstances.
How do I know it’s all wrong?
Here’s one way to think about the issue that I haven’t seen anyone else put forth (if they have, I’ll be happy to give credit.)
Right now, we’re in a situation in which conventional monetary policy is hard up against the zero lower bound; rules of thumb that track past Fed behavior suggest that the short-term interest rate should be -5% or lower.
To partially make up for its lack of traction, the Fed is engaged in massive “quantitative easing” — a misleading term, but I guess we’re stuck with it.
What it basically means is that the Fed is selling Treasury bills or their equivalent (interest-paying excess bank reserves are essentially the same thing), while buying other assets, expanding its balance sheet enormously in the process.
What kinds of other assets?
Mortgage-backed securities; securities backed by credit-card debt; longer-term government debt; etc.. One type of asset the Fed has not been buying is foreign short-term securities.
But that’s not because such purchases would be ineffective.
On the contrary, selling domestic short-term debt and buying its foreign-currency counterpart is the essence of a sterilized foreign-exchange-market intervention, which is a time-honored way of gaining a competitive advantage and helping your economy expand.
And some countries have, in fact, made foreign-currency purchases a part of their quantitative easing strategy — Switzerland in particular.
The only reason the Fed isn’t doing this is that we’re a big player, and can’t be seen to be pursuing a beggar-thy-neighbor strategy.
But now ask the question: what would the effect be if China decided to sell a chunk of its Treasury bill holdings and put them in other currencies?
The answer is that China would, in effect, be engaging in quantitative easing on behalf of the Fed.
The Chinese would be doing us a favor!
(And doing the Europeans and Japanese a lot of harm.)
Conversely, by continuing to buy dollars, the Chinese are in effect undermining part of the Fed’s efforts — they’re conducting quantitative diseasing, I guess you could say, hence the title of this post.
The point is that right now the United States has nothing to fear from Chinese threats to diversify out of the dollar.
On the contrary, if the Chinese do decide to start selling dollars, Tim Geithner and Ben Bernanke should send them a nice thank-you note.
After my talk in Seoul, I participated in a panel discussion on The Future.
The summary doesn’t mention it, but I made notes on a comment by Jim Rogers, who was all “the West is in decline, everything’s going to Asia.” He was asked whether he was predicting that capital will start flowing into Asia — which he certainly seemed to be implying — and responded “Well, capital has already been flowing into Asian economies, as you can see by the fact that they’re the world’s biggest creditors.” Your homework assignment is to explain — in English — what’s wrong with that sentence.
I read the Ryan Lizza piece on Larry Summers with a great sense of relief.
It turns out that in talking to Ryan, I managed to say almost nothing worth quoting — which is, in these circumstances, very much the goal.
(If I have something controversial to say, I’ll say it in the column or this blog, thank you.)
For me, the really interesting passage was this one: The most important question facing Obama that day was how large the stimulus should be.
Since the election, as the economy continued to worsen, the consensus among economists kept rising.
A hundred-billion-dollar stimulus had seemed prudent earlier in the year.
Congress now appeared receptive to something on the order of five hundred billion.
Joseph Stiglitz, the Nobel laureate, was calling for a trillion.
Romer had run simulations of the effects of stimulus packages of varying sizes: six hundred billion dollars, eight hundred billion dollars, and $1.2 trillion.
The best estimate for the output gap was some two trillion dollars over 2009 and 2010.
Because of the multiplier effect, filling that gap didn’t require two trillion dollars of government spending, but Romer’s analysis, deeply informed by her work on the Depression, suggested that the package should probably be more than $1.2 trillion.
The memo to Obama, however, detailed only two packages: a five-hundred-and-fifty-billion-dollar stimulus and an eight-hundred-and-ninety-billion-dollar stimulus.
Summers did not include Romer’s $1.2-trillion projection.
The memo argued that the stimulus should not be used to fill the entire output gap; rather, it was “an insurance package against catastrophic failure.” At the meeting, according to one participant, “there was no serious discussion to going above a trillion dollars.” So Christy Romer’s math looked similar to mine: even given what we knew last December, the straight economics said that we should have a stimulus much bigger than the Obama administration’s initial proposal.
And given what happened to that proposal in the Senate — we actually ended up with only about $600 billion of actual stimulus — what we eventually got was half of what seemed appropriate in December.
And the actual news on the economy since then has been worse than was expected back then, so that the stimulus now looks way short of what we need.
Maybe that was all that could have been done, politically.
But it does not sound, from the Lizza article, as if either the economic team or the political team thought much about the risks of finding themselves where we are now — with the economy still failing to deliver job growth despite the stimulus — even though those risks were completely apparent at the time.
Reading comments, I see that some readers think that by saying that we may be in a recovery by the usual definition, even though jobs are still being lost, I’m either (a) shilling for Obama (b) radically changing my views.
Um, no.
I didn’t invent the standard definitions of recession and recovery.
The real problem here is that the standard language doesn’t make much allowance for the kind of gray zone we’re now in; that’s because in the pre-1990 era recessions tended to be V-shaped, so that jobs snapped back as soon as GDP turned around.
I don’t think what we’re going through is good news — but GDP is almost surely rising, so the recession, as normally defined, is over.
And the current situation is no better — actually, worse — that I thought it would be when arguing that the Obama economic plan was inadequate.
Read this, and bear in mind that the unemployment rate is now 9.4%.
The stimulus has helped, and the conventional recession is over.
But the economy is not recovering in the most crucial area, job creation, and the stimulus won’t be enough to restore prosperity.
One argument you often hear from anti-Keynesians — it pops up in comments here — is that the experience of stagflation in the 1970s proved Keynesian wrong.
It didn’t; what it did disprove was the naive Phillips curve, which said that there’s a stable tradeoff between unemployment and inflation.
By the end of the 70s most macroeconomists had accepted some version of the Friedman/Phelps natural rate hypothesis, which says that sustained inflation gets built into price-setting, so that inflation can persist for a while even in the face of high unemployment.
But that’s very far from rejecting the basic Keynesian insight that demand matters.
Still, many people continue to use the 70s to denounce all things liberal or activist.
What’s odd, though, is how little talk there is about the way the 70s ended — which I viewed at the time, and still do, as a huge vindication of Keynesianism.
Here’s what happened: the Fed decided to squeeze inflation out of the system through a monetary contraction.
If you believed in Lucas-type rational expectations, this should have caused a rise in unemployment only to the extent that people didn’t realize what the Fed was doing; once the policy shift was clear, inflation should have subsided and the economy should have returned to the natural rate.
If you believed in real business cycle theory, the Fed’s policies should have had no real effect at all.
What actually happened was a terrible, three-year slump, which eased only when the Fed relented.
It was 79-82 that made me a convinced saltwater economist.
And nothing that has happened since — certainly not the current crisis — has dented that conviction.
I think this Michael Hirsch piece on Joe Stiglitz somewhat misses the point.
Yes, Joe should be playing a bigger role — he’s an insanely great economist, in ways you can’t really appreciate unless you’re deep into the field.
I’d say that he’s more his generation’s Paul Samuelson than its John Maynard Keynes: as with Great Paul, almost every time you dig into some sub-field of economics — finance, imperfect competition, health care — you find that much of the work rests on a seminal Stiglitz paper.
But the larger story is the absence of a progressive-economist wing.
A lot of people supported Obama over Clinton in the primaries because they thought Clinton would bring back the Rubin team; and what Obama has done is … bring back the Rubin team.
Even the advisory council, which is supposed to bring in skeptical views, does so by bringing in, um, Marty Feldstein.
The point is that even if you think the leftish wing of economics doesn’t have all the answers, you’d expect some people from that wing to be at the table.
Yet I don’t see Larry Mishel, or Jamie Galbraith … Jared Bernstein is it.
Joe Stiglitz stands out because in addition to being on the progressive wing, he’s also, as I said, a giant among academic economists.
But I think the real story is more about excluded points of view than excluded people.
The paradox of thrift is one of those Keynesian insights that largely dropped out of economic discourse as economists grew increasingly (and wrongly) confident that central bankers could always stabilize the economy.
Now it’s back as a concept.
But is it actually visible in the data?
The answer is, and how!
The story behind the paradox of thrift goes like this.
Suppose a large group of people decides to save more.
You might think that this would necessarily mean a rise in national savings.
But if falling consumption causes the economy to fall into a recession, incomes will fall, and so will savings, other things equal.
This induced fall in savings can largely or completely offset the initial rise.
Which way it goes depends on what happens to investment, since savings are always equal to investment.
If the central bank can cut interest rates, investment and hence savings may rise.
But if the central bank can’t cut rates — say, because they’re already zero — investment is likely to fall, not rise, because of lower capacity utilization.
And this means that GDP and hence incomes have to fall so much that when people try to save more, the nation actually ends up saving less.
The theoretical picture looks like this: The line labeled I shows how investment spending depends on GDP.
S1 is the original savings-GDP relationship; it shifts up to S2.
The effect of this upward shift in desired savings at any given level of GDP is, paradoxically, a fall in actual savings and investment.
What does this look like in actual data?
Strictly speaking, the figure above shows an economy without trade.
If you add in imports and exports, the paradox of thrift becomes less likely, because you country’s reduced consumption comes partly at the expense of imports rather than domestic GDP.
So I wasn’t sure what it would look like for the United States.
But here are the changes in total net saving and its components between 2007IV, the last pre-recession quarter, and 2009I, from the BEA: Sure enough, the sharp increase in personal saving has been accompanied by a decline in overall national saving — partly via reduced corporate savings, largely via increased public deficits.
One caveat: some of the decline in investment, and hence in saving,is due to disruption in the credit markets.
Still, my sense is that the big reason for declining business investment, at least, is simply the fact that consumer demand has fallen — which is paradox of thrift in action.
One key implication of the fact that we’re living in a paradox of thrift world is the folly of demands that we reduce budget deficits in the near term.
Slashing spending or raising taxes right now wouldn’t just deepen the slump — it would actually make us poorer in the future, too, because it would lead to lower overall saving and investment.
Now, we won’t always face the paradox of thrift.
But right now it’s very, very real.
This visibility thing is getting a bit worrisome.
Still, there are pretty sharp limits to my celebrity.
True story from last week, as I was waiting at the Newark Airport train station: WOMAN: You look familiar … do you work for New Jersey Transit?
ME: Sorry, no.
Several minutes later, the woman came running over: WOMAN: Wait, wait, I know!
You’re Thomas Friedman, aren’t you?
There’s an interesting counterpoint between Christina Romer’s new piece in the Economist on the lessons of 1937 and the poll results, which are alarming some commentators, showing that a majority of Americans give deficit reduction a higher priority than rescuing the economy.
First of all, Ms. Romer’s point — that a premature return to orthodoxy can be deadly in this kind of crisis — is one I might have made myself.
In fact, I just did.
I also liked her admission that As someone who has written somewhat critically of the short-sightedness of policymakers in the late 1930s, I feel new humility.
I can see that the pressures they were under were probably enormous.
My version of that admission is the statement that we owe the Japanese an apology: their stop-go policies in the 90s, the reluctance to reform banking, are a lot easier to understand now.
What I wonder is: if you had polled Americans in 1936-37 about economic policy, what would they have said?
I’m pretty sure they would have been very against deficits — yet FDR’s attempt to reduce the deficit was both economically and politically disastrous.
The point here, I think, is that most people don’t know much about macroeconomics.
Hey, most members of Congress don’t know much about macroeconomics — and recent discussions suggest the possibility that many macroeconomists don’t know much about macroeconomics.
Voters do, however, notice results.
So the moral for Obama is, of course, to ignore this poll, for the sake both of the economy and of Congressional Democrats — Blue Dogs included.
Update: Aha!
From the Roper Center (subscription req.
): Gallup Poll [December, 1935] Do you think it necessary at this time to balance the budget and start reducing the national debt?
70% Yes 30 No Gallup Poll [May, 1936] Are the acts of the present Administration helping or hindering recovery?
55% Helping 45 Hindering Gallup Poll (AIPO) [November, 1936] DO YOU THINK IT NECESSARY FOR THE NEW ADMINISTRATION TO BALANCE THE BUDGET?
65% YES 28 NO 7 NO ANSWER
Mark Thoma and David Altig both react to Arthur Laffer’s assertion that the increase in the monetary base presages huge inflation.
Let me add, for the 1.6 trillionth time, we are in a liquidity trap.
And in such circumstances a rise in the monetary base does not lead to inflation.
I had a couple of charts in my lectures this past week.
First, Japan: Next, America in the 30s: Notice, in this case, that a Friedman-style focus on a broad monetary aggregate gives the false impression that Fed policy wasn’t very expansionary.
But it was; the problem was that since banks weren’t lending out their reserves and people were keeping cash in mattresses, the Fed couldn’t expand M2.
While I’m doing charts, the people at CFR have updated the borrowing picture: Government borrowing, while huge, has not quite offset a huge plunge in private borrowing.
Via Dean Baker, Robert Samuelson declares — as a simple fact — that Johnson’s economic policies, inherited from Kennedy, proved disastrous; they led to the 1970s’ “stagflation.” Wow.
I didn’t know that.
Neither, as far as I know, did any economist who has actually studied the issue.
Seriously, this is a standard bit of conservative propaganda.
Ever since Reagan, conservatives have been using the evils of stagflation to denounce liberal economic policies.
Yet mainstream economics — even at Chicago — has never made that connection.
Stagflation was a term coined by Paul Samuelson to describe the combination of high inflation and high unemployment.
The era of stagflation in America began in 1974 and ended in the early 80s.
Why did it happen?
Well, the textbooks basically invoke two factors.
One was a series of “adverse supply shocks”, mainly the huge runup in the price of oil.
The other was excessively expansionary monetary policy, especially in 1972-3, which allowed expectations of inflation to become entrenched.
(Ken Rogoff — a Republican, by the way — attributes that expansion to the desire of Arthur Burns to see Richard Nixon reelected.)
The appearance of stagflation was a win for conservative economics, but it was conservative monetary economics that was partly vindicated: Milton Friedman’s assertion that there is no long-run tradeoff between inflation and unemployment turned out to be correct, and is now part of the standard canon.
But where is the Great Society in all this?
Nowhere.
The claim that stagflation proved the badness of liberal ideas is pure propaganda, which not even conservative economists believe.
PS: all this comes in the middle of a column whining about favorable press treatment of Obama.
Did Samuelson complain equally about the loving treatment Bush received for several years after 9/11?
Somehow I don’t remember that …
I liked this David Leonhardt article about the China-US economic relationship.
But I do have a problem with this passage: The most obviously worrisome part of the situation today is that the Chinese could decide that they no longer want to buy Treasury bonds.
The U.S. government’s recent spending for bank bailouts and stimulus may be necessary to get the economy moving again, but it also raises the specter of eventual inflation, which would damage the value of Treasuries.
If the Chinese are unnerved by this, they could instead use their cash to buy the bonds of other countries, which would cause interest rates here to jump, prolonging the recession.
Um, no.
Right now we’re in a liquidity trap, which, as I explained in an earlier post, means that we have an incipient excess supply of savings even at a zero interest rate.
(By the way, I’ve had a chance to see the transcript of the PEN/ NY Review event, and I don’t think I was misrepresenting Niall Ferguson’s position.)
In this situation, America has too large a supply of desired savings.
If the Chinese spend more and save less, that’s a good thing from our point of view.
To put it another way, we’re facing a global paradox of thrift, and everyone wishes everyone else would save less.
Or to put it a third way, the argument that a reduction in China’s dollar purchases would be contractionary for America because it would drive up interest rates is equivalent to the argument that fiscal expansion is contractionary for the same reason — and equivalently wrong.
But what if China doesn’t spend more, but just reallocates its reserves from dollars to, say, euros?
The answer is, that’s also good for us: a weaker dollar will help our exports, at Europe’s expense.
One of the things I tried to tell the Chinese was precisely that the old co-dependence no longer exists.
For now, at least, their dollar purchases are an unalloyed bad thing from America’s point of view.
From today’s Times: Besides, no country facing enormous budget deficits, rapid growth in the money supply and the prospect of a sustained currency devaluation as we are has ever experienced deflation.
These factors are harbingers of inflation.
Japan’s lost decade:
Joe Nocera writes about Thursday’s New York Revie/PEN event on the economy, but fails to mention what I found the most depressing aspect of the whole thing: further confirmation that we’re living in a Dark Age of macroeconomics, in which hard-won knowledge has simply been forgotten.
What’s the evidence?
Niall Ferguson “explaining” that fiscal expansion will actually be contractionary, because it will drive up interest rates.
At least that’s what I think he said; there were so many flourishes that it’s hard to tell.
But in any case, this is really sad: John Hicks knew far more about this in 1937 than people who think they’re sophisticates know now.
In any case, I thought it might be useful to re-explain why our current predicament can be thought of as a global excess of desired savings — which means that fiscal deficits won’t drive up interest rates unless they also expand the economy.
Here’s what I imagine Niall Ferguson was thinking: he was thinking of the interest rate as determined by the supply and demand for savings.
This is the “loanable funds” model of the interest rate, which is in every textbook, mine included.
It looks like this: where S is savings, I investment spending, and r the interest rate.
What Keynes pointed out was that this picture is incomplete if you allow for the possibility that the economy is not at full employment.
Why?
Because saving and investment depend on the level of GDP.
Suppose GDP rises; some of this increase in income will be saved, pushing the savings schedule to the right.
There may also be a rise in investment demand, but ordinarily we’d expect the savings rise to be larger, so that the interest rate falls: So supply and demand for funds doesn’t tell you what the interest rate is — not by itself.
It tells you what the interest rate would be conditional on the level of GDP; or to put it another way, it defines a relationship between the interest rate and GDP, like this: This is the IS curve, taught in Econ 101.
Now, we usually explain how this curve is derived in a different way: we say that given the interest rate, you can determine investment demand, and then through the multiplier process this determines GDP.
What you’re supposed to understand, however, is that the derivation I’ve just given is just a different way of arriving at the same result.
It’s just different presentations of the same model.
So what determines the level of GDP, and hence also ties down the interest rate?
The answer is that you need to add “liquidity preference”, the supply and demand for money.
In the modern world, we often take a shortcut and just assume that the central bank adjusts the money supply so as to achieve a target interest rate, in effect choosing a point on the IS curve.
Which brings us to the current state of affairs.
Right now the interest rate that the Fed can choose is essentially zero, but that’s not enough to achieve full employment.
As shown above, the interest rate the Fed would like to have is negative.
That’s not just what I say, by the way: the FT reports that the Fed’s own economists estimate the desired Fed funds rate at -5 percent.
What does this situation look like in terms of loanable funds?
Draw the supply and demand for funds that would obtain if we were at full employment.
They look like this: In effect, we have an incipient excess supply of savings even at a zero interest rate.
And that’s our problem.
So what does government borrowing do?
It gives some of those excess savings a place to go — and in the process expands overall demand, and hence GDP.
It does NOT crowd out private spending, at least not until the excess supply of savings has been sopped up, which is the same thing as saying not until the economy has escaped from the liquidity trap.
Now, there are real problems with large-scale government borrowing — mainly, the effect on the government debt burden.
I don’t want to minimize those problems; some countries, such as Ireland, are being forced into fiscal contraction even in the face of severe recession.
But the fact remains that our current problem is, in effect, a problem of excess worldwide savings, looking for someplace to go.
Joe Nocera writes about Thursday’s New York Revie/PEN event on the economy, but fails to mention what I found the most depressing aspect of the whole thing: further confirmation that we’re living in a Dark Age of macroeconomics, in which hard-won knowledge has simply been forgotten.
What’s the evidence?
Niall Ferguson “explaining” that fiscal expansion will actually be contractionary, because it will drive up interest rates.
At least that’s what I think he said; there were so many flourishes that it’s hard to tell.
But in any case, this is really sad: John Hicks knew far more about this in 1937 than people who think they’re sophisticates know now.
In any case, I thought it might be useful to re-explain why our current predicament can be thought of as a global excess of desired savings — which means that fiscal deficits won’t drive up interest rates unless they also expand the economy.
Here’s what I imagine Niall Ferguson was thinking: he was thinking of the interest rate as determined by the supply and demand for savings.
This is the “loanable funds” model of the interest rate, which is in every textbook, mine included.
It looks like this: where S is savings, I investment spending, and r the interest rate.
What Keynes pointed out was that this picture is incomplete if you allow for the possibility that the economy is not at full employment.
Why?
Because saving and investment depend on the level of GDP.
Suppose GDP rises; some of this increase in income will be saved, pushing the savings schedule to the right.
There may also be a rise in investment demand, but ordinarily we’d expect the savings rise to be larger, so that the interest rate falls: So supply and demand for funds doesn’t tell you what the interest rate is — not by itself.
It tells you what the interest rate would be conditional on the level of GDP; or to put it another way, it defines a relationship between the interest rate and GDP, like this: This is the IS curve, taught in Econ 101.
Now, we usually explain how this curve is derived in a different way: we say that given the interest rate, you can determine investment demand, and then through the multiplier process this determines GDP.
What you’re supposed to understand, however, is that the derivation I’ve just given is just a different way of arriving at the same result.
It’s just different presentations of the same model.
So what determines the level of GDP, and hence also ties down the interest rate?
The answer is that you need to add “liquidity preference”, the supply and demand for money.
In the modern world, we often take a shortcut and just assume that the central bank adjusts the money supply so as to achieve a target interest rate, in effect choosing a point on the IS curve.
Which brings us to the current state of affairs.
Right now the interest rate that the Fed can choose is essentially zero, but that’s not enough to achieve full employment.
As shown above, the interest rate the Fed would like to have is negative.
That’s not just what I say, by the way: the FT reports that the Fed’s own economists estimate the desired Fed funds rate at -5 percent.
What does this situation look like in terms of loanable funds?
Draw the supply and demand for funds that would obtain if we were at full employment.
They look like this: In effect, we have an incipient excess supply of savings even at a zero interest rate.
And that’s our problem.
So what does government borrowing do?
It gives some of those excess savings a place to go — and in the process expands overall demand, and hence GDP.
It does NOT crowd out private spending, at least not until the excess supply of savings has been sopped up, which is the same thing as saying not until the economy has escaped from the liquidity trap.
Now, there are real problems with large-scale government borrowing — mainly, the effect on the government debt burden.
I don’t want to minimize those problems; some countries, such as Ireland, are being forced into fiscal contraction even in the face of severe recession.
But the fact remains that our current problem is, in effect, a problem of excess worldwide savings, looking for someplace to go.
Brad DeLong is, rightly, horrified at the great Ricardian equivalence misunderstanding.
It’s one thing to have an argument about whether consumers are perfectly rational and have perfect access to the capital markets; it’s another to have the big advocates of all that perfection not understand the implications of their own model.
So let me try this one more time.
Here’s what we agree on: if consumers have perfect foresight, live forever, have perfect access to capital markets, etc., then they will take into account the expected future burden of taxes to pay for government spending.
If the government introduces a new program that will spend $100 billion a year forever, then taxes must ultimately go up by the present-value equivalent of $100 billion forever.
Assume that consumers want to reduce consumption by the same amount every year to offset this tax burden; then consumer spending will fall by $100 billion per year to compensate, wiping out any expansionary effect of the government spending.
But suppose that the increase in government spending is temporary, not permanent — that it will increase spending by $100 billion per year for only 1 or 2 years, not forever.
This clearly implies a lower future tax burden than $100 billion a year forever, and therefore implies a fall in consumer spending of less than $100 billion per year.
So the spending program IS expansionary in this case, EVEN IF you have full Ricardian equivalence.
Is that explanation clear enough to get through?
Is there anybody out there?
So I read this: Boehner said Americans want government to practice the same financial restraint they have been forced to exercise: “It’s time for government to tighten their belts and show the American people that we ‘get’ it.” and I wonder if this country can handle the crisis we’re in.
Remember, John Boehner is, in effect, the second-most influential member of the GOP (after Rush Limbaugh).
And while Democrats hold a majority, it’s not enough of a majority to make the minority party irrelevant.
So the fact that Boehner’s idea of economics is completely insane matters.
What’s insane about Boehner’s remark?
He’s talking about the current economic crisis as if it were a harvest failure — as if we faced a shortage of goods, so that the more you consume the less is left for me.
In reality — even most conservatives understand this, when they think about it — we’re in a world desperately short of demand.
If you consume more, that’s GOOD for me, because it helps create jobs and raise incomes.
It’s in my personal disinterest to have you tighten your belt — and that’s just as true if you’re “the government” as if you’re my neighbor.
Plus, who is “the government”?
It’s basically us, you know — the government spends money providing services to the public.
Demanding that the government tighten its belt means demanding that we, the taxpayers, get less of those services.
Why is this a good thing, even aside from the state of the economy?
Again, this is what the leaders of a powerful, if minority, party think.
Can this country be saved?
Catching up on my Willem Buiter, I find this interesting piece on capital controls in the response to the European crisis, which begins: When Iceland’s banking system and currency collapsed last September, a key component of the emergency package that was introduced under the auspices of the IMF were controls on capital outflows, implemented through rigorous foreign exchange controls.
I have a bit of personal history here — and it has some bearing on broader economic policy issues right now.
Back in 1998, in the midst of the Asian financial crisis, I came out in favor of temporary capital controls; a bit about that here.
At the time it was regarded as a horribly unorthodox and irresponsible suggestion — and I had a long, very unpleasant phone conversation with a Senior Administration Official who berated me for my anti-market ideas.
Today, that wild and crazy idea is so orthodox it’s part of standard IMF policy.
There are obvious parallels with the current debate over bank nationalization.
So, how does this all end?
I’ve been saying for a long time that this isn’t your father’s recession — it’s your grandfather’s recession.
(I actually used the phrase about the last recession, too.)
That is, it isn’t something like the 1981-82 recession, which was brought on by the Fed to control inflation, and ended when the Fed decided that we had suffered enough.
Instead, it’s like the 1929-33 recession — or the recession of 1873-1879 — a slump brought on by the collapse of an investment and credit bubble.
And monetary policy, at least in its conventional form, has already reached its limits.
Now, the Great Depression was ended by massive fiscal expansion, in the form of World War II.
Maybe that will happen again; but so far policy seems inadequate to the task, and the political environment raises concerns about whether we’ll be able to do much more.
So we may end up waiting for the economy’s ills to go into spontaneous remission.
Which raises the question, how does that happen?
And it turns out that this is a question our grandfathers thought about quite a lot.
Maybe it’s time to dust off Keynesian business cycle theory.
Keynes himself actually didn’t have much to do with this theory.
In fact, one of the key moves in his development of the General Theory was the decision to focus on how economies stay stuck in depression for extended periods, rather than on the more complex question of explaining the economy’s ups and downs.
But he did devote a brief chapter at the end to the subject, and Hicks elaborated on this quite a lot.
What’s notable about this theory is that it made no use of the self-correcting mechanism expounded in every principles textbook, mine included — the mechanism in which falling prices lead to a rising real money supply, which shifts the aggregate demand curve out moves the economy down the aggregate demand curve.
Why?
Well, as we’ve now learned the hard way, a sufficiently severe bubble-bursting pushes you into the liquidity trap, and makes the aggregate demand curve more or less vertical.
Instead, recovery comes because low investment eventually produces a backlog of desired capital stock, through use, delay, and obsolescence.
And eventually this leads to an investment recovery, which is self-reinforcing.
And what do we mean by use, delay, etc.?
Calculated Risk had a nice piece on auto sales, which I find helps me to think about this concretely.
As CR pointed out, at current rates of sale it would take 23.9 years to replace the existing vehicle stock.
Obviously, that won’t happen.
Even if the desired number of vehicles doesn’t rise, people will start replacing vehicles that wear out (use), rust away (decay), or just are so much worse than newer models that they’re worth replacing to get the spiffy new features (obsolescence).
As autos go, so goes the capital stock.
In the long run, we will have a spontaneous economic recovery, even if all current policy initiatives fail.
On the other hand, in the long run …
Brad DeLong is upset about the stuff coming out of Chicago these days — and understandably so.
First Eugene Fama, now John Cochrane, have made the claim that debt-financed government spending necessarily crowds out an equal amount of private spending, even if the economy is depressed — and they claim this not as an empirical result, not as the prediction of some model, but as the ineluctable implication of an accounting identity.
There has been a tendency, on the part of other economists, to try to provide cover — to claim that Fama and Cochrane said something more sophisticated than they did.
But if you read the original essays, there’s no ambiguity — it’s pure Say’s Law, pure “Treasury view”, in each case.
Here’s Fama:  The problem is simple: bailouts and stimulus plans are funded by issuing more government debt.
(The money must come from somewhere!)
The added debt absorbs savings that would otherwise go to private investment.
In the end, despite the existence of idle resources, bailouts and stimulus plans do not add to current resources in use.
They just move resources from one use to another.
And here’s Cochrane: First, if money is not going to be printed, it has to come from somewhere.
If the government borrows a dollar from you, that is a dollar that you do not spend, or that you do not lend to a company to spend on new investment.
Every dollar of increased government spending must correspond to one less dollar of private spending.
Jobs created by stimulus spending are offset by jobs lost from the decline in private spending.
We can build roads instead of factories, but fiscal stimulus can’t help us to build more of both.1 This is just accounting, and does not need a complex argument about “crowding out.” Second, investment is “spending” every bit as much as consumption.
Fiscal stimulus advocates want money spent on consumption, not saved.
They evaluate past stimulus programs by whether people who got stimulus money spent it on consumption goods rather save it.
But the economy overall does not care if you buy a car, or if you lend money to a company that buys a forklift.
There’s no ambiguity in either case: both Fama and Cochrane are asserting that desired savings are automatically converted into investment spending, and that any government borrowing must come at the expense of investment — period.
What’s so mind-boggling about this is that it commits one of the most basic fallacies in economics — interpreting an accounting identity as a behavioral relationship.
Yes, savings have to equal investment, but that’s not something that mystically takes place, it’s because any discrepancy between desired savings and desired investment causes something to happen that brings the two in line.
It’s like the fact that the capital account and the current account of the balance of payment have to sum to zero: that’s true, but it does not mean that an increase in capital inflows magically translates into a trade deficit, without anything else changing (what John Williamson used to call the doctrine of immaculate transfer).
A capital inflow produces a trade deficit by causing the exchange rate to appreciate, the price level to rise, or some other change in the real economy that affects trade flows.
Similarly, after a change in desired savings or investment something happens to make the accounting identity hold.
And if interest rates are fixed, what happens is that GDP changes to make S and I equal.
That’s actually the point of one of the ways multiplier analysis is often presented to freshmen.
Here’s the diagram: In this picture savings plus taxes equal investment plus government spending, the accounting identity that both Fama and Cochrane think vitiates fiscal policy — but it doesn’t.
An increase in G doesn’t reduce I one for one, it increases GDP, which leads to higher S and T. Now, you don’t have to accept this model as a picture of how the world works.
But you do have to accept that it shows the fallacy of arguing that the savings-investment identity proves anything about the effectiveness of fiscal policy.
So how is it possible that distinguished professors believe otherwise?
The answer, I think, is that we’re living in a Dark Age of macroeconomics.
Remember, what defined the Dark Ages wasn’t the fact that they were primitive — the Bronze Age was primitive, too.
What made the Dark Ages dark was the fact that so much knowledge had been lost, that so much known to the Greeks and Romans had been forgotten by the barbarian kingdoms that followed.
And that’s what seems to have happened to macroeconomics in much of the economics profession.
The knowledge that S=I doesn’t imply the Treasury view — the general understanding that macroeconomics is more than supply and demand plus the quantity equation — somehow got lost in much of the profession.
I’m tempted to go on and say something about being overrun by barbarians in the grip of an obscurantist faith, but I guess I won’t.
Oh wait, I guess I just did.
I keep seeing economics articles and blog posts that insist that we’re NOT in a liquidity trap (and, of course, that yours truly is all wrong) because the situation doesn’t meet the author’s definition of such a trap.
E.g., the interest rates at which businesses can borrow aren’t zero; or there are still things the Fed could do, like buying long-term bonds or corporate debt, or something.
Well, my definition of a liquidity trap is, purely and simply, a situation in which conventional monetary policy — open-market purchases of short-term government debt — has lost effectiveness.
Period.
End of story.
Now, if you prefer a different definition of a liquidity trap, OK; call our current situation a banana, instead.
But changing the name does not change the essential fact — namely, conventional monetary policy has lost effectiveness.
Yes, there are other things the Fed could do — and it’s doing them, on an awesome scale.
But they’re controversial, precisely because, unlike conventional monetary policy, they involve picking and choosing among potentially risky investments.
And there’s a much stronger case for fiscal policy than in normal times, because we don’t know how well these unconventional measures will work.
So what’s the point of saying “Ha!
This doesn’t fit my definition of a liquidity trap!”?
If you think it says anything useful about the situation, you’ve mistaken word games for policy analysis.
As I’ve already pointed out,the prospect of a Keynesian stimulus is having a weird effect on conservative economists, as first-rate economists keep making truly boneheaded arguments against the effort.
The latest entry: Robert Barro argues that the multiplier on government spending is low because real GDP during World War II rose by less than military spending.
Actually, I’ve already taken that one on.
But just to say it again: there was a war on.
Consumer goods were rationed; people were urged to restrain their spending to make resources available for the war effort.
Oh, and the economy was at full employment — and then some.
Rosie the Riveter, anyone?
I can’t quite imagine the mindset that leads someone to forget all this, and think that you can use World War II to estimate the multiplier that might prevail in an underemployed, rationing-free economy.
Update: I should also point out this, in Barro’s article: John Maynard Keynes thought that the problem lay with wages and prices that were stuck at excessive levels.
But this problem could be readily fixed by expansionary monetary policy, enough of which will mean that wages and prices do not have to fall.
Is it too much to ask that someone criticizing Keynes actually, you know, read Keynes — at least enough to know that he devoted a whole chapter to explaining why a fall in wages would not expand employment?
Or that someone commenting on contemporary policy at least be aware that the whole reason we’re talking about fiscal expansion is that monetary policy has run out of room?
OK, Christina Romer and Jared Bernstein have put out the official (?)
Obama estimates of what the American Association of Retired Persons American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan would accomplish.
The figure above summarizes the key result.
Kudos, by the way, to the administration-in-waiting for providing this — it will be a joy to argue policy with an administration that provides comprehensible, honest reports, not case studies in how to lie with statistics.
That said, the report is written in such a way as to make it hard to figure out exactly what’s in the plan.
This also makes it hard to evaluate the reasonableness of the assumed multipliers.
But here’s the thing: the estimates appear to be very close to what I’ve been getting.
The key thing if you want to do comparisons is to note that I made estimates of the average effect over 2009-2010, while they do estimates of effect in the fourth quarter of 2010, which is roughly when the plan is estimated to have its maximum effect.
So they say the plan would lower unemployment by about 2 percentage points, I said 1.7, but their estimate may actually be a bit more pessimistic than mine.
They have the plan raising GDP by 3.7 percent, but that’s at peak; I thought 2.5 percent or so average over 2 years, again not much difference.
So this looks like an estimate from the Obama team itself saying — as best as I can figure it out — that the plan would close only around a third of the output gap over the next two years.
One more point: the estimate of what would happen to the economy in the absence of a stimulus plan seems kind of optimistic.
The chart above has unemployment ex-stimulus peaking at 9 percent in the first quarter of 2010 and coming down through the year; the CBO estimates an average unemployment rate of 9 percent for 2010, so the Obama people are more optimistic than the CBO, and a lot more optimistic than I am.
Bottom line: even if I use the Romer-Bernstein estimates instead of my own — there really isn’t much difference — this plan looks too weak.
Bit by bit we’re getting information on the Obama stimulus plan, enough to start making back-of-the-envelope estimates of impact.
The bottom line is this: we’re probably looking at a plan that will shave less than 2 percentage points off the average unemployment rate for the next two years, and possibly quite a lot less.
This raises real concerns about whether the incoming administration is lowballing its plans in an attempt to get bipartisan consensus.
In the extended entry, a look at my calculations.
The starting point for this discussion is Okun’s Law, the relationship between changes in real GDP and changes in the unemployment rate.
Estimates of the Okun’s Law coefficient range from 2 to 3.
I’ll use 2, which is an optimistic estimate for current purposes: it says that you have to raise real GDP by 2 percent from what it would otherwise have been to reduce the unemployment rate 1 percentage point from what it would otherwise have been.
Since GDP is roughly $15 trillion, this means that you have to raise GDP by $300 billion per year to reduce unemployment by 1 percentage point.
Now, what we’re hearing about the Obama plan is that it calls for $775 billion over two years, with $300 billion in tax cuts and the rest in spending.
Call that $150 billion per year in tax cuts, $240 billion each year in spending.
How much do tax cuts and spending raise GDP?
The widely cited estimates of Mark Zandi of Economy.com indicate a multiplier of around 1.5 for spending, with widely varying estimates for tax cuts.
Payroll tax cuts, which make up about half the Obama proposal, are pretty good, with a multiplier of 1.29; business tax cuts, which make up the rest, are much less effective.
In particular, letting businesses get refunds on past taxes based on current losses, which is reportedly a key feature of the plan, looks an awful lot like a lump-sum transfer with no incentive effects.
Let’s be generous and assume that the overall multiplier on tax cuts is 1.
Then the per-year effect of the plan on GDP is 150 x 1 + 240 x 1.5 = $510 billion.
Since it takes $300 billion to reduce the unemployment rate by 1 percentage point, this is shaving 1.7 points off what unemployment would otherwise have been.
Finally, compare this with the economic outlook.
“Full employment” clearly means an unemployment rate near 5 — the CBO says 5.2 for the NAIRU, which seems high to me.
Unemployment is currently about 7 percent, and heading much higher; Obama himself says that absent stimulus it could go into double digits.
Suppose that we’re looking at an economy that, absent stimulus, would have an average unemployment rate of 9 percent over the next two years; this plan would cut that to 7.3 percent, which would be a help but could easily be spun by critics as a failure.
And that gets us to politics.
This really does look like a plan that falls well short of what advocates of strong stimulus were hoping for — and it seems as if that was done in order to win Republican votes.
Yet even if the plan gets the hoped-for 80 votes in the Senate, which seems doubtful, responsibility for the plan’s perceived failure, if it’s spun that way, will be placed on Democrats.
I see the following scenario: a weak stimulus plan, perhaps even weaker than what we’re talking about now, is crafted to win those extra GOP votes.
The plan limits the rise in unemployment, but things are still pretty bad, with the rate peaking at something like 9 percent and coming down only slowly.
And then Mitch McConnell says “See, government spending doesn’t work.” Let’s hope I’ve got this wrong.
One thing that’s been bothering me about the discussion over fiscal stimulus is the virtual absence of fully worked-out models, with all their t’s dotted and eyes crossed, or something.
Not that a rigorous model is always better than a rough-and-ready but more realistic approach, but I like to have both on hand.
So I’ve tried a very rough sketch of a full, intertemporal maximization yada yada analysis of the fiscal policy issue.
It was written in a hurry, so it’s surely incomprehensible to readers who don’t know the New Keynesian Economics literature, and probably incomprehensible even to those who do.
But here’s what the model says: when monetary policy is up against the zero bound, the optimal fiscal policy is to expand government purchases enough to maintain full employment.
Unreadable little paper here.
You have been warned.
I’m a little late getting to this, but via Mark Thoma I see that economists at the Cleveland Fed are taking some comfort from the positive slope of the yield curve.
Long-term interest rates are higher than short-term rates, which is usually a sign that the economy will expand.
Not this time, I’m afraid.
It’s all about the zero lower bound.
The reason for the historical relationship between the slope of the yield curve and the economy’s performance is that the long-term rate is, in effect, a prediction of future short-term rates.
If investors expect the economy to contract, they also expect the Fed to cut rates, which tends to make the yield curve negatively sloped.
If they expect the economy to expand, they expect the Fed to raise rates, making the yield curve positively sloped.
But here’s the thing: the Fed can’t cut rates from here, because they’re already zero.
It can, however, raise rates.
So the long-term rate has to be above the short-term rate, because under current conditions it’s like an option price: short rates might move up, but they can’t go down.
Indeed, if we look at Japan we find that the yield curve was positively sloped all the way through the lost decade.
In 1999-2000, with the zero interest rate policy in effect, long rates averaged about 1.75 percent, not too far below current rates in the United States.
So sad to say, the yield curve doesn’t offer any comfort.
It’s only telling us what we already know: that conventional monetary policy has literally hit bottom.
I’ve been saying this for a couple of weeks, but Edward Hugh has the goods.
Hugh puts his finger, in particular, on one gaping hole in the logic of the opponents of devaluation.
We can’t devalue, they say, because the Latvian private sector has a lot of debts in euros, and a devaluation would make it very hard for borrowers to service those debts.
As Hugh points out, the proposed alternative — sharp wage cuts, and basically a major domestic deflation — will also make it hard to service those debts.
In fact, I’d be a bit more specific than Hugh: other things equal, a nominal devaluation and a real depreciation achieved through deflation should have exactly the same effect on debt service (unless some of the debt is in lats rather than euros, in which case devaluation would do less damage.)
This looks like events repeating themselves, the first time as tragedy, the second time as another tragedy.
I’ve been on the warpath over Germany’s refusal to play a constructive role in European fiscal stimulus.
But what does the math look like?
Here’s a simple analysis — well, simple by economists’ standards — of the reason coordination is so important for the EU.
We start from the proposition that Europe is, or soon will be, in a position where interest rates are up against the zero lower bound.
This means both that fiscal policy is the only game in town, and that we can use ordinary multiplier analysis.
Let m be the share of a marginal euro spent on imports — either for an individual county, or for the EU as a whole (I’ll explain in a minute).
I’ll assume that m is the same for government spending and for domestic demand.
Let c be the marginal propensity to consume.
And let t be the share of an increase in GDP that accrues to the government in increased taxes or reduced transfers.
Consider the effects of an increase in government purchases dG.
This will raise GDP directly, to the extent that it falls on domestic goods and services, and indirectly, as the rise in GDP induces a rise in consumer spending.
We have: dY = (1-m)dG + (1-m)(1-t)c dY or dY/dG = (1-m)/[1 – (1-m)(1-t)c] Since governments are worried about debt, it’s also important to ask how much the budget deficit is increased by an increase in government spending.
It’s not one-for-one, because higher spending leads to higher GDP and hence higher tax revenue.
We have dD = dG – tdY A crucial number is “bang for euro”: the ratio of the increase in GDP to the increase in the deficit.
After a bit of grinding, it can be shown to be dY/dD = (1-m)/[1 – (1-t)(1-m)c – t(1-m)] OK, some numbers.
The average EU country spends about 40 percent of GDP on imports, and collects about 40 percent of GDP in taxes.
Let me cut corners and assume that the marginal rates are the same as the average, and also assume that the marginal propensity to consume is 0.5.
That is, for an average EU country, m = 0.4, t= 0.4, c = 0.5.
We can represent a coordinated fiscal policy by looking at the numbers for the EU as a whole.
The only difference is that m falls to 0.13, because two-thirds of the imports of EU members are from other EU members.
And we get the following results: UNILATERAL FISCAL EXPANSION Multiplier = 0.73 Bang per euro = 1.03 COORDINATED EXPANSION Multiplier = 1.18 Bang per euro = 2.23 The bang per euro is what matters: the tradeoff between increased debt and effective stimulus is MUCH better for the EU as a whole than it is for any one country.
You can play with these numbers, but I don’t think that conclusion is very sensitive to the details as long as you keep the large intra-EU trade effects in there.
The lesson of this algebra is that there are very large intra-EU externalities in fiscal policy, making coordination really important.
And that’s why German obstructionism is such a problem.
Not much point in going through Amity Shlaes’s latest: after having inadvertently revealed that she has no idea what Keynesian economics is, she’s back on the warpath against FDR, and me.
The main line of empirical argument seems to be that FDR didn’t succeed in ending the Great Depression.
Since that’s also what my side of the debate says — fiscal expansion was too cautious, and disastrously abandoned in 1937 — I don’t see what this is supposed to prove.
But I think it’s worth pointing out why Ms. Shlaes thinks the New Deal was destructive of employment: namely, that it raised wages.
Funny she should mention that — because the effect of wage changes on employment was the subject of a whole chapter in Keynes’s General Theory.
And what Keynes had to say then is as valid as ever: under depression-type conditions, with short-term interest rates near zero, there’s no reason to think that lower wages for all workers — as opposed to lower wages for a particular group of workers — would lead to higher employment.
Suppose that wages across the US economy had been, say, 20 percent lower than they actually were.
You might be tempted to say that this would make hiring workers more attractive.
But to a first approximation, prices would also have been 20 percent lower — so the real wage would not have been reduced.
So how would lower wages lead to higher demand for labor?
Well, the real money supply would have been larger — but the normal channel through which this might increase demand, lower interest rates, was blocked by the zero lower bound.
Yes, there would have been a slight Pigou effect: real private sector wealth would have been higher, because cash under the mattress (or wherever) was worth more.
But on the other hand, real debt burdens would also have been higher, probably exerting a contractionary effect.
Overall, there’s no good reason to think that lower wages would have helped raise employment.
And once you realize that, the whole argument that FDR prolonged the Depression by sustaining wages evaporates.
Is only prudent.
As far as I know, nobody has written up the case for a fiscal expansion larger than our best estimate of what’s needed to close the looming output gap.
So I thought it might be useful to write the obvious down.
In the figure below, I’ve drawn a series of “IS curves” — each showing how the level of real GDP depends on the Fed’s target interest rate.
Currently, the economy looks like IS1: even at a zero interest rate, output will be far short of full employment.
Fiscal expansion should shift the curve right — but it might either be too little (IS2) or too much (IS3).
The key point is this: if fiscal expansion is too little, that’s the end of the story.
If it’s too much, the Fed can head off inflation by raising rates.
So there’s an asymmetry.
In reality, we can’t be sure how much bang we’ll get for the buck.
What the asymmetry means is that we should err on the side of too much.
So we’re having a crisis, reflecting the policy failures of the past 8 years.
But the usual suspects insist that the crisis is all the more reason to persist with those policies — indeed, make them permament.
Thus, John Taylor — a very good economist, when he wants to be — insists that we must respond to the economy’s temporary weakness with a permanent tax cut.
Let us reason together.
Does it make sense to let one recession dictate tax policy in perpetuity?
What happens if there’s a boom; can we increase taxes (no, because then the cut wouldn’t have been permanent.)
What if there’s another recession?
Do we permanently cut taxes again?
Is there a tax-cut ratchet (or maybe racket)?
Think this through, and it makes no sense at all.
And Taylor’s argument against the obvious answer — government spending as stimulus — is pure gobbledygook: The theory that a short-run government spending stimulus will jump-start the economy is based on old-fashioned, largely static Keynesian theories.
These approaches do not adequately account for the complex dynamics of a modern international economy, or for expectations of the future that are now built into decisions in virtually every market.
Translation: la la la I can’t hear you.
Meanwhile, at a panel discussion with Rich Lowry of National Review, I heard the latest argument against the Employee Free Choice Act: now would be a really bad time to make union organizing easier, because it would hurt business confidence in a recession.
Recession, recovery, whatever: it’s always proof that the Bush years should continue forever.
That’s the title of a new report from Jan Hatzius et al at Goldman Sachs (not available online).
The Goldman guys, like me, come up with scary figures about the size of the gap in demand that needs to be filled — figures that suggest the need for a fiscal stimulus that’s enormous by historical standards.
Their approach is different, and probably better than mine; I’ll get to that in a bit.
But I want to talk conceptual stuff for a moment.
It’s a curious thing that even now, when we are clearly in a liquidity trap, we still have a lot of economists denying that such a thing is possible.
The argument seems to go like this: creating inflation is easy — birds do it, bees do it, Zimbabwe does it.
So it can’t really be a problem for competent countries like Japan or the United States.
This misses a key point that I and others tried to make for Japan in the 90s and are trying to make again now: creating inflation is easy if you’re an irresponsible country.
It may not be easy at all if you aren’t.
A decade ago, when I tried to make sense of Japan’s predicament, I used a simple, unrealistic model to ask what we really know about the relationship between the money supply and the price level.
We normally say that an increase in the money supply, other things equal, leads to an equal proportional increase in the price level: double M and you double the CPI.
But that’s not actually right.
What a model with all the i’s dotted and t’s crossed actually says is that the CPI doubles if you double the current money supply and all future expected money supplies.
And how do you do that?
No matter how much Japan increases the monetary base now, expectations of future money supplies won’t move if people believe that the Bank of Japan will move to stabilize the price level as soon as the economy recovers.
And once you realize that central banks may not be able to move expectations about future money supplies, it becomes a real possibility that the economy will be in a liquidity trap: if interest rates are near zero, money printed now just gets hoarded, and monetary policy has no traction on the real economy.
Zimbabwe wouldn’t have this problem: people believe that any money it prints will stay in circulation.
But the likes of Japan, or the United States, print money for policy purposes, not to pay their bills.
And that, perversely, is what makes them vulnerable to a liquidity trap.
Back in 1998 I argued that the Bank of Japan needed to find a way to “credibly promise to be irresponsible.” That didn’t go down too well, but it was what sober, careful economic analysis prescribed.
Or as I said in the linked paper, The whole subject of the liquidity trap has a sort of Alice-through-the-looking-glass quality.
Virtues like saving, or a central bank known to be strongly committed to price stability, become vices; to get out of the trap a country must loosen its belt, persuade its citizens to forget about the future, and convince the private sector that the government and central bank aren’t as serious and austere as they seem.
OK, so now back to Hatzius et al.
They emphasize the role of the disruption of credit markets in pushing us into a liquidity trap.
They then turn to an estimate of likely changes in the “private sector balance” — the difference between private sector saving and private sector investment.
And it’s stunning: The GS house price forecast combined with current equity prices and credit spreads implies a rise in the private sector balance from +1% of GDP in the second quarter of 2008 to +10% in the fourth quarter of 2009 – a rise of 9 percentage points, or 6 points at an annual rate.
What’s the answer?
Huge fiscal stimulus, to fill the hole.
More aggressive GSE lending.
Maybe a “pre-commitment” by the Fed to keep rates low for an extended period — that’s a more genteel version of my “credibly promise to be irresponsible.” And maybe large-scale purchases of risky assets.
The main thing to realize is that for the time being we really are in an alternative universe, in which nothing would be more dangerous than an attempt by policy makers to play it safe.
I wrote this morning’s column partly because I had a hunch that the Obama people might be thinking too small on stimulus.
Now I have more than a hunch – I’ve heard an unreliable rumor!
So let’s talk about stimulus math, as I see it.
Actually, before I get to the math, some concepts.
Nearly every forecast now says that, in the absence of strong policy action, real GDP will fall far below potential output in the near future.
In normal times, that would be a reason to cut interest rates.
But interest rates can’t be cut in any meaningful sense.
Fiscal policy is the only game in town.
Wait, there’s more.
Ben Bernanke can’t push on a string – but he can pull, if necessary.
Suppose fiscal policy ends up being too expansionary, so that real GDP “wants” to come in 2 percent above potential.
In that case the Fed can tighten a bit, and no harm is done.
But if fiscal policy is too contractionary, and real GDP comes in below potential, there’s no potential monetary offset.
That means that fiscal policy should take risks in the direction of boldness.
So what kinds of numbers are we talking about?
GDP next year will be about $15 trillion, so 1% of GDP is $150 billion.
The natural rate of unemployment is, say, 5% — maybe lower.
Given Okun’s law, every excess point of unemployment above 5 means a 2% output gap.
Right now, we’re at 6.5% unemployment and a 3% output gap – but those numbers are heading higher fast.
Goldman predicts 8.5% unemployment, meaning a 7% output gap.
That sounds reasonable to me.
So we need a fiscal stimulus big enough to close a 7% output gap.
Remember, if the stimulus is too big, it does much less harm than if it’s too small.
What’s the multiplier?
Better, we hope, than on the early-2008 package.
But you’d be hard pressed to argue for an overall multiplier as high as 2.
When I put all this together, I conclude that the stimulus package should be at least 4% of GDP, or $600 billion.
That’s twice what the unreliable rumor says.
So if there’s any truth to the rumor, my advice to the powers that be (or more accurately will be in a couple of months) is to think hard – you really, really don’t want to lowball this.
President Bush, this morning: In the long run, the American people can have confidence that our economy will bounce back.
John Maynard Keynes: But this long run is a misleading guide to current affairs.
In the long run we are all dead.
Economists set themselves too easy, too useless a task if in tempestuous seasons they can only tell us that when the storm is long past the ocean is flat again.
The crisis isn’t the only scary thing going on.
Something very ugly is taking shape on the political scene: as McCain’s chances fade, the crowds at his rallies are, by all accounts, increasingly gripped by insane rage.
It’s not just a mob phenomenon — it’s visible in the right-wing media, and to some extent in the speeches of McCain and Palin.
We’ve seen this before.
One thing that has been sort of written out of the mainstream history of politics is the sheer insanity of the attacks on the Clintons — they were drug smugglers, they murdered Vince Foster (and lots of other people), they were in league with foreign powers.
And this stuff didn’t just show up in fringe publications — it was discussed in Congress, given props by the editorial page of the Wall Street Journal, and so on.
What it came down to was that a significant fraction of the American population, backed by a lot of money and political influence, simply does not consider government by liberals (even very moderate liberals) legitimate.
Ronald Reagan was supposed to have settled that once and for all.
What happens when Obama is elected?
It will be even worse than it was in the Clinton years.
For sure there will be crazy accusations, and I wouldn’t be surprised to see some violence.
The next few years are going to be very, very tough.
Calculated Risk, in a discussion of home price declines, links to my three-year-old analysis, That Hissing Sound, which I think was one of the best pure-economic pieces I’ve done in my tenure at the Times.
Of course, everything is political — so if you google the article, high on the list you find this delightful screed from Powerline, which says that I was just looking for something to complain about amidst the Bush Boom, and concludes: [T]here is little reason to fear a catastrophic collapse in home prices.
Krugman will have to come up with something much better, I think, to cause many others to share his pessimism.
Memories, memories.
A bit off the Paulson plan topic, but not entirely … Not a day has gone by since this crisis began that I haven’t been thankful that Ben Bernanke is the chairman of the Fed; had events gone a bit differently (thank you Harriet Meiers!)
the post might well have gone to some unqualified Bush loyalist.
That said, the Fed’s experience in this crisis has been humbling; getting traction has proved harder than BB himself suggested in his pre-crisis writings.
Here are my thoughts on why.
So: we usually don’t think of it this way, but the Fed can be seen simply as one of many players in the financial market.
It’s a very big player, but not that big compared with the market as a whole — the Fed has roughly $800 billion each of assets and liabilities, in a $50 trillion credit market.
And conventional monetary policy consists, basically, of enlarging or contracting the Fed’s balance sheet.
Why does the size of a financial player constituting less than 2 percent of the credit market matter?
The answer is that the Fed’s liabilities are special: nobody else has the right to create monetary base, which can in turn be used either as currency or as bank reserves.
When the Fed expands the money supply, the key thing isn’t that it’s buying Treasury bills, it’s the fact that it’s doing so by expanding the monetary base, which increases liquidity to the economy as a whole.
But in March, and again this week, interest rates on T-bills fell close to zero — liquidity trap territory.
What does that do to the Fed’s role?
You still see people saying, in effect, “never mind the zero interest rate, why not just print more money?” Actually, the Bank of Japan tried that, under the name “quantitative easing;” basically, the money just piled up in bank vaults.
To see why, think of it this way: once T-bills have a near-zero interest rate, cash becomes a competitive store of value, even if it doesn’t have any other advantages.
As a result, monetary base and T-bills — the two sides of the Fed’s balance sheet — become perfect substitutes.
In that case, if the Fed expands its balance sheet, it’s basically taking away with one hand what it’s giving with the other: more monetary base is out there, but less short-term debt, and since these things are perfect substitutes, there’s no market impact.
That’s why the liquidity trap makes conventional monetary policy impotent.
But why not purchase stuff other than T-bills?
This can be thought of as changing the composition of the Fed’s balance sheet, rather than enlarging it; and Ben Bernanke, in happier days, thought that might be an effective policy in a liquidity trap.
There are, however, three reasons to be doubtful about this stuff: 1.
The Fed is now trying to move a much bigger rock: it is, in effect, trying to raise the price of financial assets other than T-bills by selling T-bills and buying other stuff.
There’s only (yes, “only”) $800 billion of monetary base.
There are, by contrast, many trillions of stuff other than T-bills, so the Fed has to make huge changes in its balance sheet to achieve any noticeable effect.
2.
T-bills and other assets, such as long-term bonds, are probably much better substitutes for each other than T-bills are for monetary base — money is unique as a medium of exchange, whereas once you get past that you’re only talking about competing stores of value.
So it should take much larger changes in relative supplies to get major changes in asset prices.
3.
The reason T-bills are an imperfect substitute for, say, corporate bonds — to the extent they are — is risk.
Therefore, the reason changing the composition of the Fed’s balance sheet can move prices, to the extent it can, is because the Fed is taking on risk.
This isn’t a role the central bank is meant to play; you’re sliding over into fiscal policy.
Nonetheless, I guess the Fed had to try the “Bernanke twist.” And it did — the old Fed balance sheet, in which T-bills were the vast bulk of assets, is no more.
But the effects have been disappointing, especially weighed against the risk, which I know is making Fed officials very nervous.
And now, with the Paulson plan — about which I have my doubts — responsibility is clearly shifting from the Fed to the fiscal authorities.
So Ben Bernanke came into his current position believing that central banks have the power, all on their own, to fight Japan-type problems.
It seems that he was wrong.
Ken Rogoff is one of the world’s best macroeconomists, so I take whatever he says seriously.
But — you know that’s the kind of statement that is followed by a “but” — I’m having a hard time understanding his demands for a world slowdown.
Ken tells us that The huge spike in global commodity price inflation is prima facie evidence that the global economy is still growing too fast.
And then he calls for a couple of years of sub-trend growth to rebalance commodity supply and demand at trend price levels Um, why?
Basically, the world is employing rapidly growing amounts of labor and capital, but faces limited supplies of oil and other resources.
Naturally enough, the relative prices of those resources have risen — which is the way markets are supposed to work.
Since when does economic analysis say that the way to deal with limited supplies of one resource is to reduce employment of other resources, so that the relative price of the limited resource returns to “trend”?
Presumably there’s some implicit argument in the background about why a sharp rise in the relative price of oil is more damaging than leaving labor and capital underemployed.
But that argument isn’t there in Ken’s recent pieces.
Model, please?
I agree that Dollar bloc countries have slavishly mimicked expansionary US monetary policy and that’s a real issue: the Fed is pursuing very loose policy to deal with a US financial crisis, and that’s inflationary in countries that are pegged to the dollar without facing our problems.
But that’s an argument for breaking up Bretton Woods II; it’s not an argument for tighter Fed policy.
Since this is coming from Ken Rogoff, I assume that there’s some deeper analysis here.
But I can’t infer it from the articles I’ve read.
Please, sir, can I have some more?
I see from comments on an earlier post, plus some of the incoming links, that the whole “there is no trust fund, so the system will be in crisis in 2017″ thing is still out there.
So I’m just going to reprint what I wrote about this three years ago: Social Security is a government program supported by a dedicated tax, like highway maintenance.
Now you can say that assigning a particular tax to a particular program is merely a fiction, but in fact such assignments have both legal and political force.
If Ronald Reagan had said, back in the 1980s, “Let’s increase a regressive tax that falls mainly on the working class, while cutting taxes that fall mainly on much richer people,” he would have faced a political firestorm.
But because the increase in the regressive payroll tax was recommended by the Greenspan Commission to support Social Security, it was politically in a different box – you might even call it a lockbox – from Reagan’s tax cuts.
The purpose of that tax increase was to maintain the dedicated tax system into the future, by having Social Security’s assigned tax take in more money than the system paid out while the baby boomers were still working, then use the trust fund built up by those surpluses to pay future bills.
Viewed in its own terms, that strategy was highly successful.
The date at which the trust fund will run out, according to Social Security Administration projections, has receded steadily into the future: 10 years ago it was 2029, now it’s 2042.
As Kevin Drum, Brad DeLong, and others have pointed out, the SSA estimates are very conservative, and quite moderate projections of economic growth push the exhaustion date into the indefinite future.
But the privatizers won’t take yes for an answer when it comes to the sustainability of Social Security.
Their answer to the pretty good numbers is to say that the trust fund is meaningless, because it’s invested in U.S. government bonds.
They aren’t really saying that government bonds are worthless; their point is that the whole notion of a separate budget for Social Security is a fiction.
And if that’s true, the idea that one part of the government can have a positive trust fund while the government as a whole is in debt does become strange.
But there are two problems with their position.
The lesser problem is that if you say that there is no link between the payroll tax and future Social Security benefits – which is what denying the reality of the trust fund amounts to – then Greenspan and company pulled a fast one back in the 1980s: they sold a regressive tax switch, raising taxes on workers while cutting them on the wealthy, on false pretenses.
More broadly, we’re breaking a major promise if we now, after 20 years of high payroll taxes to pay for Social Security’s future, declare that it was all a little joke on the public.
The bigger problem for those who want to see a crisis in Social Security’s future is this: if Social Security is just part of the federal budget, with no budget or trust fund of its own, then, well, it’s just part of the federal budget: there can’t be a Social Security crisis.
All you can have is a general budget crisis.
Rising Social Security benefit payments might be one reason for that crisis, but it’s hard to make the case that it will be central.
But those who insist that we face a Social Security crisis want to have it both ways.
Having invoked the concept of a unified budget to reject the existence of a trust fund, they refuse to accept the implications of that unified budget going forward.
Instead, having changed the rules to make the trust fund meaningless, they want to change the rules back around 15 years from now: today, when the payroll tax takes in more revenue than SS benefits, they say that’s meaningless, but when – in 2018 or later – benefits start to exceed the payroll tax, why, that’s a crisis.
Huh?
I don’t know why this contradiction is so hard to understand, except to echo Upton Sinclair: it’s hard to get a man to understand something when his salary (or, in the current situation, his membership in the political club) depends on his not understanding it.
But let me try this one more time, by asking the following: What happens in 2018 or whenever, when benefits payments exceed payroll tax revenues?
The answer, very clearly, is nothing.
The Social Security system won’t be in trouble: it will, in fact, still have a growing trust fund, because of the interest that the trust earns on its accumulated surplus.
The only way Social Security gets in trouble is if Congress votes not to honor U.S. government bonds held by Social Security.
That’s not going to happen.
So legally, mechanically, 2018 has no meaning.
Now it’s true that rising benefit costs will be a drag on the federal budget.
So will rising Medicare costs.
So will the ongoing drain from tax cuts.
So will whatever wars we get into.
I can’t find a story under which Social Security payments, as opposed to other things, become a crucial budgetary problem in 2018.
What we really have is a looming crisis in the General Fund.
Social Security, with its own dedicated tax, has been run responsibly; the rest of the government has not.
So why are we talking about a Social Security crisis?
Here’s one way to think about the liquidity trap — a situation in which conventional monetary policy loses all traction.
When short-term interest rates are close to zero, open-market operations in which the central bank prints money and buys government debt don’t do anything, because you’re just swapping one more or less zero-interest rate asset for another.
Alternatively, you can say that there’s no incentive to lend out any increase in the monetary base, because the interest rate you get isn’t enough to make it worth bothering.
Normally it doesn’t matter which short-term interest rate you choose — the Fed funds rate, which Uncle Ben sets, is usually very close to the interest rates on US government debt.
But right now we’re in a situation in which Treasury bills yield considerably less than the Fed funds rate; to at least some extent this may reflect banks’ nervousness about lending to each other, even in the overnight market.
And to the extent that’s true, Treasuries — not Fed funds — are the interest rates to look at.
As of 10:38 this morning, the one-month Treasury rate was 0.57; the three-month rate was 0.825.
Are we there yet?
Pretty close.
Thirty years ago I was an oppressed assistant professor, caught up in the academic rat race.
To cheer myself up I wrote — well, see for yourself.
Joshua Gans of the University of Melbourne scanned a copy of the thing I wrote — back then academics did their work with typewriters, abacuses, and stone axes — and was good enough to send me a copy.
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you The Theory of Interstellar Trade.
One of my favorite Keynes quotes comes from Essays in Persuasion, in which he tried to explain the nature of the Great Depression, which was still in its early stages, and declared that “we have magneto [alternator] trouble.” The economic engine was as powerful as ever — but one crucial part was malfunctioning, and needed to be fixed.
That’s about where we are now.
The defective alternator is the financial system.
We replaced the old, bank-centered system with a high-tech gizmo that was supposed to be more efficient — but it relied on fancy computer chips to function, and it turns out that there were some fatal errors in the programming.
Anybody know a good mechanic?
Calculated Risk says much of what I’d say about housing and the prospects for quick economic recovery.
But I’d like to offer a bit more analysis.
A lot of what we think we know about recession and recovery comes from the experience of the 70s and 80s.
But the recessions of that era were very different from the recessions since.
Each of the slumps — 1969-70, 1973-75, and the double-dip slump from 1979 to 1982 — were caused, basically, by high interest rates imposed by the Fed to control inflation.
In each case housing tanked, then bounced back when interest rates were allowed to fall again.
Since the mid 1980s, however, we’ve had the “Great Moderation,” with inflation quiescent.
Post-moderation recessions haven’t been deliberately engineered by the Fed, they just happen when credit bubbles or other things get out of hand.
And while they haven’t been as deep as the older type of recession, they’ve proved hard to end (not officially, but in terms of employment), precisely because housing — which is the main thing that responds to monetary policy — has to rise above normal levels rather than recover from an interest-imposed slump.
That’s why I think our current problems will last a long time.
CR says 2009; I say 2010.
I still keep reading articles asserting that the last two recessions were brief and shallow.
Formally, that’s true.
But both were followed by prolonged “jobless recoveries” that felt like continuing recessions.
Below is the employment-population ratio since 1989, with shading showing the official recessions.
In both cases the employment slump went on for a long time after the recession was supposedly over.
There’s every reason to think that the same thing will happen this time.
There’s a huge overhang of excess housing inventory; it will probably take several years before housing prices fall to realistic levels; and it’s not at all clear what will fill the gap left by weak housing and consumer spending.
There’s still the question of how deep the slump will be.
I can see the case for arguing that it will be nasty.
The 1990-91 recession was brought on by a credit crunch, the 2001 recession by overinvestment; this time we’ve got both.
I guess we’ll see.
In any case, whatever happens will probably last quite a while.
Update: If this report is true, Ben B. is thinking along similar lines.
Rudy Giuliani warned us about what would happen if a Democrat wins: You have got to see the trap.
Otherwise we are in for a disaster.
We are in for Canadian health care, French health care, British health care.
And that would be a terrible thing: In “Measuring the Health of Nations: Updating an Earlier Analysis” (Health Affairs, Jan./Feb.
2008), Ellen Nolte, Ph.D., and C. Martin McKee, M.D., D.Sc., both of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, compared international rates of “amenable mortality”—that is, deaths from certain causes before age 75 that are potentially preventable with timely and effective health care.
And you see what that tells us:
