label	sentence2	"What it has wrought is limiting the impact and harm of Cuba, "2	Mr. Obama's action gives the Castros international legitimacy and a 'badly-needed economic lifeline.'2	"It undermines America's credibility and undermines the quest for a free and democratic Cuba, "2	"The latest foreign policy misstep by this President, and another dramatic overreach of his executive authority"2	[The oil-price drop] gives oil-dependent economies like Saudi Arabia and Venezuela an urgent reason to embrace reform.2	"China is building airstrips on disputed islands in the South China sea, moving oil rigs into disputed waters and redfining its airspace without any clear programme for turning such assertion into the acknowledged status it sees as its due."2	"Its determination to keep economic growth above 6.5% a year until 2020 is tied to the goal of doubling real GDP by 2020 over the 2010 level set out in 2012, when economic conditions were more benign."2	"After a dismal start to the year, oil prices staged a partial recovery, with dated Brent Blend, the global benchmark, rising by almost 70% from a 13-year low of US$26/barrel in January to US$44/b on May 10th."2	"The cause is the plunging price of a barrel of oil, which at one point fell more than 70 percent compared with June 2014 levels."2	"But when the dollar advances, the central bank needs to guide the yuan weaker against it to safeguard the economy and keep the yuan stable against the basket.."2	"In the services sector alone 400,000 jobs could be at risk."2	Between a quarter and half a million refugees and their dependants could come to the UK from 2020 onwards after acquiring EU citizenship.2	"If we complete the single market in services… it will create something like 700 to 800,000 new jobs over the coming years."2	Trade union umbrella body the TUC says leaving the EU would cut average earnings by £38 per week by 2030.2	Within two years the size of our economy - our GDP - would be at least 3% smaller as a result of leaving the EU - and it could be as much as 6% smaller.2	"Accession could occur in 2020, less than three and a half years after the UK's referendum on EU membership."2	Prices would go up if we leave the EU.2	"Even if party leaders wanted to succeed in their stated desire for a peaceful rise and to remain within international law, the way they have shaped the spirit of their country would not necessarily let them."2	"If, for example, China's prices rise faster than America's, and its currency, the yuan does not fall, then China's economy will be worth more, relative to America's, and it will overtake sooner."2	We predict China overtakes US in 2021.2	"If China could resolve its identity crisis and once again become an attractive civilization rather than just an enviable development model, it would be much better placed to get the respect and influence it craves."2	"We expect China's growth rate to slow throughout the forecast period, from 6.5% in 2016 to 4.3% by 2020, as the economy matures, moving away from public investment and towards private consumption."2	"Our forecast is diverging further and further from the government's growth floor of at least 6.5% a year. This suggests that the government is going to have to revise down its projections quickly for the coming years, or that poicymakers will have to deploy unsustainable level of stimulus. "2	"Credit is growing at almost four times the rate of nominal GDP. The longer this trend lasts, the greater the chance that China will experience the much-discussed hard landing. We believe that the risk of China experiencing such an event in 2016-2020 is around 40%. It cannot go much higher without becoming our central forecast."2	"The most likely avenue by which a hard landing would be reached is a bad-debt crisis in the banking sector, arising from loss-making state-owned property firms. Such a crisis could cause investment to contract sharply, possibly even resulting in a recession."2	"We think that the government will be forced to accept a lower level of growth from around 2018, and will then focus on a sustainability agenda aimed at lowering levels of debt and boosting productivity."2	The government's targeted real GDP growth range of 6.5–7% ought to prove achievable in 2016.2	"Any worsening of the row could seriously undermine intra-regional economic ties, and potentially interrupt global trade flows and simultaneously depress global economic sentiment more broadly."2	A 6.5% average growth rate without creating a bubble is eminently achievable if China makes its economy more efficient.2	"But the 13th Five-Year Plan offers few bold steps on these fronts, so achieving 6.5% growth will probably require further expanding investment and debt."2	"Given the higher lending rate and record credit, Nomura estimates that interest expenses carried by Chinese companies, households and local governments could rise this year to 7.7 trillion yuan."2	"Unlike the credit binge that saved China from sinking during the global financial crisis, the world's second largest economy this time seems to be relatively impervious to such shots of liquidity."2	"The article reckoned that Chinese economy is unlikely to see a 'V-shaped' rebound, but is likely to enter an 'L-shaped' trajectory for the coming years. It also warned that a debt-fueled recovery could delay much-needed structural reforms to reduce excess capacity in many industries."2	Hong Kong looks headed for recession.2	Once-vibrant Hong Kong is teetering on the brink of recession.2	"The worst is yet to come in Hong Kong, say several economists, as key parts of the economy remain weak."2	Interest rates and the supply of homes are set to rise.2	"Looking forward, stabilization in mainland China, faster growth in the U.S., and the Hong Kong government's increased public spending should provide some relief, said HSBC economist Julia Wang."2	"The Hong Kong government is keeping its forecast for 1-2% growth in 2016, down from 2.4% growth in 2015."2	Capital Economics forecasts 1% growth2	Nomura has slashed its forecast for 2016 growth to 0.8%2	Daiwa has lowered its growth prediction to a mere 0.4% for this year.2	"Ms. Wang of UBS revised her year-end forecast for the yuan to between 6.6 yuan per dollar and 6.7 yuan a dollar, from her previous projection of 6.8 to the dollar."2	But a chain of defaults could lead to a pullback in lending that could crimp China's economic output.2	"Second, without meaningful structural reform in the Chinese economy and financial sector, what's been going on in the past few years will eventually lead to a bubble. A bubble and subsequent bust are not a matter of whether, but when. "2	"So no, I don't think it's inevitable, as long as China engages in active reform."2	"However, if policy makers decide to sacrifice long-term growth to solve short-term problems, we'll be facing even greater problems."2	China is now entering the phase where economic growth has to come mainly from squeezing efficiency out of the assets you've already installed. That is always a tough transition and we should expect it to be rocky.  2	"Congress must act to fully lift the trade and travel embargoes, which they are almost certain not to do before Mr. Obama leaves office."2	"In time, the Obama administration policies on Cuba might make China less attractive as an investor in Latin America…."2	"If the trade embargo is lifted anytime soon, however, Cuba is unlikely to be ready."2	"By then the embargo may well be gone. For the past half-century, Cuba's leaders have used the American siege of their island to justify one-party rule and a police state. That will no longer wash."2	"In the meantime, gradualism will remain the guiding principle, which means the distortions will persist. Expect many day zeroes. "2	"The Democratic candidates pay less attention to Latin America, but they, too, might damage Mr. Obama's legacy…. As Mr. Obama's former secretary of state, she is the candidate likeliest to continue what he started. But Mr. Obama's trip to Havana may be the last big American overture to its neighbours for some time."2	One Is the weakening grip on power of Venezuela's hard-left government: the withdrawal of its subsidised oil could cut 8% from Cuba's GDP over four years.2	"Although momentum of the recovery weakend in April from March, we still expect sequential growth in the second and third quarters to be stronger than in the first quarter."2	Their rulers must change or risk being cast aside. The old tools of power are weaker: oil will remain cheap for a long time and secret policemen cannot stop dissent in a networked world.2	"A new bankruptcy law, by bringing down the time needed to foreclose on loans, ought to encourage investors to buy NPLS from banks."2	A trade pact between the blocks would make shopping cheaper for 750m consumers.2	"If the talks propser, the biggest benefit for Mecrosur could be the reviving of its original mission of boosting trade and investment."2	"The impeachment of Dilma Rousseff, Brazil's president, would bring to power people who are more open to trade talks with Europe and the United States, and who are 'very critical of the south-south strategy',"2	"Sooner or later, Mr. Ryan is likely to follow suit."2	"…said Monday he could 'easily' see the U.S. central bank raising rates two to three times this year, possibly as soon as June."2	The Bank's latest published forecast is that average weekly earnings will increase by 3.75% this year.2	"It will undertake never to use force in territorial disputes with ASEAN neighbours over the South China Sea, under which oil and gas lie."2	this could be the year that Israel launches a surprise attack on Iran's nuclear facilities.2	"In the worst case, it could trigger a regional arms race, as China beefs up its guns and bombs in response."2	An Iraq-style attack on North Korea is also unlikely.2	Pakistan may hold peace talks with India over the Kashmir dispute. 2	"A referendum on a constitution should, with luck, occur in 2004."2	"The ailing King Fahd is not expected to see out 2004, though people have been predicting his demise for years."2	"The chances are that Mr Mugabe will be gone, or sidelined, by the end of the year."2	"[Comoros] and Burundi, where the Tutsi-dominated army has yet to allow a Hutu head of state to serve a full term in office, are at risk of coups in 2004."2	"Comoros and [Burundi], where the Tutsi-dominated army has yet to allow a Hutu head of state to serve a full term in office, are at risk of coups in 2004."2	"its chief territorial dispute—with itself, over Taiwan—will remain on hold."2	"Indian cities will be scarred by acts of terrorism blamed on Muslim extremists and, behind them, Pakistan's intelligence services. "2	The impasse between Israel and the Palestinians will grow even more violent if the superpower does not become more deeply engaged in efforts to revive diplomacy.2	The coming year might even see China broker a solution to the nuclear crisis on the Korean peninsula.2	"The Philippines, too, will suffer more bombings, kidnappings and fighting in the southern provinces in 2004. "2	"An insurgency of neo-Taliban—a grouping of former Taliban commanders, al-Qaeda stragglers, tribal malcontents and drug traffickers—will continue to blow up mountain passes, raise the flag over isolated villages, and murder Afghan and foreign aid workers in cold blood."2	"[The] timetable to establish a viable Palestinian state by 2005 will almost certainly be put to one side, and the fearful cycle of repression and violence between the two warring sides will continue."2	"the Israelis will keep building a giant wall of separation roughly between Israel proper and the occupied territory of the West Bank in order, they hope, to keep Palestinian terrorists out of Israel."2	"Despite the wall, the bombs in buses and café's will go on."2	"There will be periodic unrest, as there has been since 1999, but it will be localised and small-scale."2	"Regime collapse, in other words, becomes possible."2	"There is a strong possibility that the opposition Kuomintang, which favours better ties with China, will win and resume the domination of the island which it enjoyed for more than 50 years until the victory of the Democratic Progressive Party's Chen Shui-bian in 2000."2	Egypt will continue to stagnate under the rule of the ageing Hosni Mubarak2	"Amid the depressing politics and mixed economics, it is unlikely that Mr Khatami will make good on his repeated threat to resign in the face of conservative obstructionism. "2	"President Bakili Muluzi will step down in December, reluctantly accepting defeat in his attempt to secure an unconstitutional third term."2	"If Guinea's ailing President Lansana Conté dies, there may be a coup there."2	[see last PredSent] But 2005 might very well be the year in which the divided response of the world convinces them that they can do so and get away with it—thus sparking a nuclear-arms race to add to the conventional one in the Middle East.2	"This policy of “malign neglect” is also an admission of impotence, which Mr Kim will now attempt to exploit—for instance, by agreeing to return to talks about dismantling its nuclear capability."2	"If diplomacy fails, do not rule out the possibility of Israel striking at several of the sites—such as Bushehr in southern Iran."2	"Iraq's own general election ... is pencilled in for January. Given the ferocity of the insurgency, it would be no surprise if the time-table slipped."2	The looming elections make it even less likely that the Communists will topple the government.2	More bombs will no doubt go off in 2005.2	"What to expect in 2005? The best guess is that [Angola], Sierra Leone and Liberia will remain peaceful, and an uneasy stalemate will hold in Côte d'Ivoire."2	"What to expect in 2005? The best guess is that Angola, [Sierra Leone] and Liberia will remain peaceful, and an uneasy stalemate will hold in Côte d'Ivoire."2	"What to expect in 2005? The best guess is that Angola, Sierra Leone and [Liberia] will remain peaceful, and an uneasy stalemate will hold in Côte d'Ivoire."2	"With 9/11-style strikes harder to organise, the style of attempted attacks will move in the direction of co-ordinated smaller incidents for maximum impact, always with an accent on novelty of technique. "2	"The mullahs who run Iran are a cautious and patient lot: they might not announce in 2005 that Iran intends to, or has, become a nuclear-armed power. But 2005 might very well be the year in which the divided response of the world convinces them that they can do so and get away with it—thus sparking a nuclear-arms race to add to the conventional one in the Middle East."2	"By mid-autumn, under Ariel Sharon's disengagement schedule, the last Israeli soldier will have withdrawn from the Gaza strip and from the northern tip of the West Bank."2	"The last Israeli settlers will have left too, voluntarily or dragged out by the army, two weeks earlier."2	"What to expect in 2005? The best guess is that Angola, Sierra Leone and Liberia will remain peaceful, and an uneasy stalemate will hold in [Côte d'Ivoire]."2	"Despite forecasts to the contrary, Zimbabwe will not collapse into civil war, since only one side (the government) is armed. "2	Predictions that Nigeria's ethnic violence could lead to civil war seem wildly implausible2	The possibility of a third Palestinian intifada cannot be ruled out in what is going to be a hard year for America in the Middle East.2	In 2006 political turmoil will continue to blight prospects in [Côte d'Ivoire] (where fighting could resume if elections fail to take place at some point in the year) and Zimbabwe (where Robert Mugabe shows no sign of stepping down).2	In 2006 political turmoil will continue to blight prospects in Côte d'Ivoire (where fighting could resume if elections fail to take place at some point in the year) and [Zimbabwe] (where Robert Mugabe shows no sign of stepping down).2	"polls—including those planned in [Chad], Comoros, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Gambia—could be accompanied by violence."2	"polls—including those planned in Chad, [Comoros], the Democratic Republic of Congo and Gambia—could be accompanied by violence."2	"polls—including those planned in Chad, Comoros, the Democratic Republic of Congo and [Gambia]—could be accompanied by violence."2	"handing over responsibility to army units that have been recruited, as some have, from Kurdish or Shia militias may have the paradoxical result of sharpening Sunni violence."2	"Military retaliation is out of the question: America cannot risk provoking the North to unleash its huge conventional forces against South Korea; besides, it does not even know where all of Mr Kim's underground nuclear facilities are."2	it is still reasonable to predict another Taiwan Straits crisis in the coming 18 months2	"It [China] will continue to engage in desultory talks with representatives of the Dalai Lama, Tibet's exiled spiritual leader."2	"Protest strikes (hartals) and street violence, coupled with the long-standing antagonism between the two main parties, will create conditions for instability."2	"In January the Palestinians will vote for a new parliament. For the first time, the Islamic Resistance Front, better known as Hamas, will probably take part, despite Israeli misgivings."2	"More of them will turn against the extreme end of the insurgency, where the likes of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who claims to be al-Qaeda's local representative and who detests the apparently godless notion of democracy, will become increasingly unpopular, even among Sunnis who want the Americans and their allies to quit."2	"polls—including those planned in Chad, Comoros, the [Democratic Republic of Congo] and Gambia—could be accompanied by violence."2	The insurgency may mutate from “resistance” against foreigners into something closer to civil war.2	Mr Bush will not pull out of Iraq suddenly.2	"Despite the hostility of Iraq's Sunni Arabs to the new constitution, passed (just) in the autumn of 2005, they will start participating more fully in Iraq's democracy, even though many will continue to help the insurgents. "2	[Taiwan potentially holding a referendum on applying to the UN as Taiwan] This will not lead to war in 2008—China has too much to lose.2	The result will be a war that will threaten the stability of Ethiopia.2	"In Iran, faster progress with its nuclear programme could trigger a military strike from [Israel] or America. "2	"In Iran, faster progress with its nuclear programme could trigger a military strike from Israel or [America]. "2	"If he calls a parliamentary election in 2007 to strengthen his hand, as seems likely, the Tigers may be even more unwilling to talk peace."2	An early election is likely.2	2004 could see the end of President Hugo Chávez and his Bolivarian revolution—if (a big if) the centre-right opposition stays together and avoids mistakes.2	America surely must keep its troops there [Iraq] throughout 20072	The FARC's leaders and Mr Uribe will again try to kill each other.2	He [Uribe] will hope to secure the disbanding of some right-wing paramilitary groups during 2004. 2	"as 2006 closed, more than 140,000 American troops remained in the country, battling to quell a worsening sectarian war. This number will not fall much in the first half of 2007, even in the unlikely event that the violence recedes."2	"Ethiopia will try to use the African Union (based in Addis Ababa) to send a force of peacekeepers into Somalia, including Ugandan and Sudanese troops."2	"Colombia's Álvaro Uribe, the United States' closest ally in Latin America, looks certain to win a second term now that the way is virtually clear for an incumbent to stand for re-election."2	It remains quite plausible that America will attempt unilateral military action in 20082	"In [Pakistan] and Sri Lanka, there will be war"2	"In Pakistan and [Sri Lanka], there will be war"2	"Israel may decide that it must act alone against Iran in 2008, possibly in the hope that its action would trigger a larger American action. "2	"One of the most critical trends in 2008 will be towards an internationalisation of peacemaking. A permanent group of regional countries will probably shape up, including, controversially, Syria and Iran, as well as Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Jordan."2	"In Syria, the 41-year-old Bashar Assad, who in 2000 succeeded his father after a 30-year rule, stumbles along, but probably has no more than a couple of years left as leader. "2	"In Venezuela Hugo Chávez, the self-declared standard-bearer of “21st-century socialism”, will win another term."2	"in Bangladesh, there will be protests against army-backed rule"2	The general election that had been planned in Pakistan for January 2008 may be delayed by a year or more. 2	"[Bangladesh's] technocratic administration, installed by the army in January 2007, promises to hold elections in December 2008. It will break its promise."2	There is no hope of victory [against the Taliban] in 2008.2	Violent protests are all but guaranteed.2	"Ethnic cleansing will continue too, so that formerly mixed areas where Sunnis and Shias once lived together in Baghdad and other big cities, including Mosul, Basra and Kirkuk, will become preserves of one sect or the other. "2	"Competition to emerge as the leading voice among the Shia Arabs will intensify, sometimes bloodily. A power struggle is almost sure to break out in 2008 between the three main groups: the Dawa party, which has provided the prime minister, Nuri al-Maliki; the Supreme Islamic Iraqi Council (SIIC), hitherto the party closest to Iran; and the group following Muqtada al-Sadr and his Mahdi Army militia, easily Iraq's biggest."2	"In Costa Rica, Oscar Arias, winner of the Nobel prize for his peace efforts in Central America in the 1980s, will win the presidency again."2	"Sri Lanka's government, under the populist president, Mahinda Rajapakse, will prosecute a war in 2008 that is partly of its choosing."2	"Having shelled the Tigers out of another fief, in eastern Sri Lanka, the government will try to conquer the north."2	"The Kurds will be furious at the postponement in 2007 of a promised referendum on the disputed city and province of Kirkuk. Will they accept yet another postponement in 2008? Grudgingly, perhaps"2	The constitutional changes will almost certainly include the abolition of presidential term limits and the advent of full presidential control over central-bank reserves and over new local-government bodies.2	But he [Morales] will face continuing unrest in the more capitalist eastern provinces.2	"Concertación, the moderate centre-left coalition that has governed the country since the end of General Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship in 1990, may lose power. "2	Maliki will insist—at any rate before the elections—on a rapid American withdrawal.2	Iran could conceivably be nuclear-ready in 2009—and (nudging the 20% upper limit of our probability range) Israel might act with military might to forestall the possibility.2	perhaps 2009 will mark the long-sought peace between Israel and Syria2	"With good luck, and continued good will by Pakistan's President Asif Ali Zardari, India and Pakistan will be fully reconciled."2	"With bad luck, of which there is always plenty in the region, [Mr Zardari is ousted] (perhaps by military men sympathetic to Afghanistan's Taliban) and the two countries clash violently yet again over Kashmir."2	"With bad luck, of which there is always plenty in the region, Mr Zardari is ousted (perhaps by military men sympathetic to Afghanistan's Taliban) and the [two countries clash violently yet again over Kashmir]."2	"A general election, due by May, will cause uncertainty, and perhaps even unrest."2	"There is virtually no mass opposition to the regime, and little likelihood of it brewing up in 2009."2	"Ottón Solís, a dissident social democrat, may come from behind to win a presidential election in February against Laura Chinchilla, the candidate of the ruling social-democratic party of Óscar Arias, the outgoing president."2	"The chances are good that, as in the previous national elections in 2004, polling will be mostly peaceful and that the overwhelming majority of successful candidates will be committed to a pluralistic Indonesia with freedom of both speech and religion."2	"There is a better prospect of a settlement in Nagorno-Karabakh, the enclave of Azerbaijan controlled by Armenia since a vicious war in 1994, not least because Turkey and Armenia are moving towards restoring normal relations. But here too the Russians will interfere enough to prevent a deal in 2009."2	"As unlikely, yet plausible, would be a settlement between Sri Lanka and its Tamil separatists. "2	the SOFA is likely to name the end of 2011 as the deadline for America's withdrawal2	Mr Singh swiftly tried to muster support for restoring a peace process between the two rivals [India and Pakistan]—and there is an even chance this will happen in 2010.2	The election will be marked by fraud and violence.2	"At last, 35 years after the division of Cyprus into a Turkish-Cypriot north and a (legally recognised) Greek-Cypriot south, there will be a settlement, based on the notion of a bi-communal, bi-zonal federation."2	"[Al-Qaeda's shrinking Iraqi branch will carry out the occasional mass-casualty suicide attack] [but its pool of recruits will continue to dry up]—unless Mr Maliki, or whoever emerges as Iraq's leader, fails to bring the Sunni tribes and their vigilante groups, which helped America make its “surge” effective in 2007, into Iraq's security web and give them their due spoils of patronage."2	"[a dangerous period of post-election haggling may ensue, perhaps for three or four months, creating a mood of nervous uncertainty. ] Government may drift, opening a vacuum that violent groups may seek to fill. At this point Mr Maliki may be ousted."2	"the insurgency will persist, but at a far lower level than in its bloody heyday in 2005 and 2006, when in some months more than 3,000 civilians were being killed. The monthly average death toll in 2010 is likely to be less than a tenth of that."2	"[Al-Qaeda's shrinking Iraqi branch will carry out the occasional mass-casualty suicide attack] but its pool of recruits will continue to dry up—unless Mr Maliki, or whoever emerges as Iraq's leader, fails to bring the Sunni tribes and their vigilante groups, which helped America make its “surge” effective in 2007, into Iraq's security web and give them their due spoils of patronage."2	Iraqi forces and leading personalities will be the main targets rather than the Americans2	"a dangerous period of post-election haggling may ensue, perhaps for three or four months, creating a mood of nervous uncertainty. [Government may drift, opening a vacuum that violent groups may seek to fill. At this point Mr Maliki may be ousted.]"2	The chances are narrowly in favour of Iran continuing to escape the full military fury of either the Americans or the Israelis2	"The likeliest scenarios are a worsening Taliban insurgency, exacting a heavy toll in Afghan and Western lives, or a [modest gain for the NATO-led effort.]"2	the emergence of South Sudan as the world's newest country (number 193 if you count by UN membership) will not spark a new war2	What happens to the oil money after the referendum on southern independence is open to negotiation. Bad temper and walkouts from the negotiating table are guaranteed; but armed conflict is unlikely.2	"economic success will propel the mildly Islamist Justice and Development (AK) party, led by Recep Tayyip Erdogan, to yet another election win in the summer of 2011, after those of 2002 and 2007"2	"The likeliest scenarios are [a worsening Taliban insurgency, exacting a heavy toll in Afghan and Western lives], or a modest gain for the NATO-led effort."2	"In the coming year, Russia and America will make deeper cuts in their nuclear arsenals."2	"Some 50,000 American soldiers and airmen will remain tucked away in a dozen or so big bases out of sight of the cities but ready to assist with logistics, intelligence, helicopters and even firepower if the Iraqis need such help—which they will."2	"American deaths in Iraq, which have steadily fallen from 904 in 2007, 314 in 2008, 149 in 2009 and a projected 70 in 2010, will fall still further, to a low enough figure not to cause awkward protests back home."2	"Spasms of tension between Kurds and Iraqi Arabs along the partly disputed “trigger line” between their territories will occur, but these will not boil over into all-out warfare."2	"The election, expected to be won by the ruling People's Democratic Party and President Goodluck Jonathan, will not be fully “free and fair”. "2	Iraq will firmly eschew the type of clerical rule that prevails under the ayatollahs.2	They [the Taliban] are unlikely to come to terms with Mr Karzai even if he offers to negotiate.2	"a military coup, though not inconceivable in the future, is unlikely in 2011."2	"Despite an astonishing lack of preparation for the referendum, the vote will be a chaotic but resounding “yes” for independence."2	The Islamist Nahda party will emerge as the largest in parliament but with only around a fifth of the vote.2	 ...descends further into strife between its clans and regions.2	The question of how many American troops remain in 2012 and afterwards will contribute to the country's instability2	... Muqtada al-Sadr and his Shia zealots [will be] endorsing attacks on Americans as his Iranian friends look on with an approving smile2	"[During 2012 elections,] Kenya may avoid a repeat of the 2008 bloodletting, but not Zimbabwe, where Robert Mugabe's regime is fighting for its life (and wealth)."2	"[During 2012 elections,] Kenya may avoid a repeat of the 2008 bloodletting, but not Zimbabwe, where Robert Mugabe's regime is fighting for its life (and wealth)."2	"several hundred more vessels, including oil tankers, will find themselves anchored off Somalia with their crews imprisoned."2	" President Bashar Assad is unlikely to last the year in office, as the Sunni majority, including senior military men and businessmen, decide that rule by the president's Alawite minority, which makes up about a tenth of the population, cannot be sustained. "2	A succession crisis may well arise.2	The regime replacing Muammar Qaddafi may prove fractious and erratic but should manage to stick together.2	"The army, having allowed the people to choose their representatives by the end of 2011, will step back, though keeping a lot of its privileges, and some Egyptians will look to it to protect a secular way of life, as the army used to do in Turkey."2	" Islamists, led by the Muslim Brotherhood, will prove the best organised political force in the country, with a quarter or so of the seats in the new parliament."2	"United Arab Emirates and Qatar, will still keep their people more or less contented with handouts."2	"Unless action is taken to put it together again, bloodshed is likely, though not a resumption of actual war. "2	" Ali Abdullah Saleh, who fled to Saudi Arabia in mid-2011 after being wounded in an attack on his palace but returned in September, will fail to re-establish himself "2	"Although mercenary action is possible, direct foreign military intervention in Somalia in pursuit of pirates is unlikely in 2012"2	[Zardari's] government may become the country's first democratic government to complete its term.2	"At least 20,000 American troops can be expected to remain in Iraq after 2011, despite an accord that says they should have left by the end of the year."2	 Mr Khamenei is likely to stay in ultimate power for a good many years yet.2	"Also, my worries are that China doesn't know how to slow down — that it's a bicycle economy that falls over if it stops moving forward."2	"First, it's much, much harder to get actual deflation than simply to have stable prices, so scenario A means much higher unemployment."2	"Cut off that support, and Greece suffers banking collapse."2	"Romney: I want to make sure the Federal Reserve focuses on maintaining the monetary stability that leads to a strong dollar and confidence that America is not going to go down the road that other nations have gone down, to their peril."2	"Basically, we've had multiple years of very low rates, with no hint of a runaway boom or an inflationary takeoff, so any reasonable estimate is going to say that these low, low rates are close to (and maybe above) the natural rate."2	"My sense is that a lot of what's going on in our ongoing policy disaster is that important people, up to and including the president, just find it implausible that such a big crisis could be essentially a problem of coordination, that it's just magneto trouble whose fix need not, in fact should not, involve inflicting a lot of punishment on working Americans."2	"The anti-Keynesian proposition is that government spending to boost a depressed economy will fail, because it will lead to an equal or greater fall in private spending — it will crowd out investment and maybe consumption, and therefore accomplish nothing except a shift in who spends."2	"Update: Also, if you think that US interest rates are being held down by the fact that in some sense the Treasury hasn't had to go to the market lately, since the Fed is buying debt — although the Fed isn't actually buying it direct from Treasury — consider the case of Greeece."2	"And once you add in debt-constrained players, it's likely that the effect actually goes the other way: a fall in wages worsens debt problems, and so ends up contractionary."2	"Now, Brad argues that we're going to need even more of this kind of paternalism."2	"Then again, that's probably why they will never, ever listen to what I have to say."2	"In fact, a worldwide trade war would, by definition, reduce imports by exactly the same amount that it reduces exports. "2	"Again, not the thing most people will remember about Romney's speech."2	"The moral of the Japanese example is that if other countries are managing to achieve a moderately positive rate of inflation, but you have let yourself slip into deflation or even into “lowflation”, you can indeed manage to find yourself in secular stagnation even if the rest of the world offers positive-return investment opportunities."2	"IS-LM said not, but I was sure that if you really worked it through carefully you could show that, say, doubling the monetary base will always raise prices, even if you're at the zero lower bound."2	"There are a lot of things about the 2016 election that nobody saw coming, and one of them is that international trade policy is likely to be a major issue in the presidential campaign."2	"She (yes, it's still overwhelmingly likely to be Hillary Clinton) will, rightly, express skepticism about future trade deals, but she will be able to address the problems of working families without engaging in irresponsible trash talk about the world trade system. "2	"OK, this is not going to happen — even in the best of circumstances, Syriza is going to be able to get a relaxation of the primary surplus requirement, not complete abrogation."2	"But of course they're wrong: if Sanders is the nominee, it will take around 30 seconds before Fox News is nonstop coverage of the terrible things he supposedly did when younger."2	"Since GDP is roughly $15 trillion, this means that you have to raise GDP by $300 billion per year to reduce unemployment by 1 percentage point."2	"The next thing you know, they'll be bringing back the architects of the Iraq disaster to do it all over again."2	I can see the case for arguing that it will be nasty.2	"However, he argues that the large current account surplus of the euro area as a whole is a temporary phenomenon driven by cyclical weakness in the euro periphery, and therefore not likely to be a source of persistent trouble."2	"A weaker economy will mean lower inflation (or faster deflation), which also tends to raise the debt/GDP ratio."2	"Central banks and other policy makers will be making a terrible mistake if they look at low, stable inflation and pat themselves on the back for a job well done."2	"But now we have Mitt Romney declaring his intention to replace Ben Bernanke for, um, pursuing aggressive monetary policy to fight a recession (not aggressive enough, but that's another issue)."2	"If the situation continues to look like unraveling, I would expect Draghi to say something to reassure the markets that a Greek bank cutoff is not on the table."2	"Again, not the thing most people will remember about Romney's speech."2	"As the paper says, Although this effect is not long-lasting and debt eventually declines, it could be an issue if financial markets focus on the short-term behavior of the debt ratio, or if country authorities engage in repeated rounds of tightening in an effort to get the debt ratio to converge to the official target."2	This has led many to conclude that structural changes have occurred in the labor market and that the economy will not return to the low rates of unemployment that prevailed in the recent past.2	And since some of the rise in income will be saved – and assuming that investment demand doesn't rise by as much – a sufficiently large rise in GDP can restore equality between desired savings and desired investment at the new interest rate.2	"As Rudi pointed out, the fall in the interest rate would induce investors to move their money abroad unless they expected the currency to rise."2	The full list: Oklahoma Arizona Arkansas South Carolina Alabama Mississippi Georgia Texas Louisiana Florida These are places where summer would be really oppressive without air conditioning.2	"If the initial shock is perceived as permanent, this process should go all the way: the rise in US demand leads to an equal rise in interest rates around the world, and most of the demand shock is effectively diffused abroad."2	"We might add further that if the Fed can neutralize the supposedly awesome inflationary effect of quantitative easing by paying _ percent interest on reserves, it should be very easy to contain the inflationary threat in future."2	"And there's more — for example, Ireland went abruptly from having a stable real exchange rate against the UK to having a stable rate against Germany when it joined the European exchange rate mechanism, etc.. Incidentally, I suspect that this evidence is one reason why international macro people have tended to stay more Keynesian than domestic macro people — why those of us who read Obstfeld and Rogoff knew that Ricardian equivalence didn't imply ineffectual fiscal policy, while even Nobel laureates on the domestic macro side were getting it wrong."2	"There were fears that the Latin debt crisis would take down one or more money center banks — Citi, or Chase, say."2	"On this view, the fact that the Fed is currently buying some large fraction of debt issuance is irrelevant; interest rates are determined by the willingness at the margin of private investors to hold the existing stock of debt, regardless."2	"In this world, we'll assume that no real investment is possible, so that loans are made only to finance consumption in excess of income."2	Mark Thoma and David Altig both react to Arthur Laffer's assertion that the increase in the monetary base presages huge inflation.2	"Second, we see that investment has, if anything, fallen LESS than you might have expected given the plunge in the economy."2	"And the Fed is very much thinking about the example of Sweden, which decided to hike rates out of vague concerns about financial stability, only to find itself staring at the very real risk of deflation."2	And I believe that some day — maybe in the first Chelsea Clinton administration — it will actually happen.2	"But the bigger question is what happens a year or two after Grexit, where the real risk to the euro is not that Greece will fail but that it will succeed."2	"And the response of some — only some — Sanders supporters is disappointing, although I guess predictable given that somewhat similar things happened during the 2008 primary."2	"As Wren-Lewis likes to say, on this basis the ideal policy is to shut half the economy down for a while, then start it up again — that way you get 100 percent growth."2	"And Brad argues that the changing structure of the economy will mean that we want more of these goods, hence bigger government."2	"Now Lazear informs us that sure enough, mismatch was cyclical, and has in fact come way down even though unemployment remains high: What all this tells us is that the vast suffering still going on is gratuitous — that we could end this quickly with appropriate monetary and fiscal policies."2	"Suppose that we're looking at an economy that, absent stimulus, would have an average unemployment rate of 9 percent over the next two years; this plan would cut that to 7.3 percent, which would be a help but could easily be spun by critics as a failure."2	"This clearly implies a lower future tax burden than $100 billion a year forever, and therefore implies a fall in consumer spending of less than $100 billion per year."2	"If we are going to have Japan-type deflation, it obviously won't happen for quite a while."2	"And Clinton's dogged realism, while it doesn't inspire the same kind of uplift as Sanders's promise of change, can be inspiring in its own way."2	"If you go to the Conference Board numbers, you find that Finland has indeed seen a rapid rise in ULC, but not because of a wage explosion; it's all about collapsing manufacturing productivity."2	"In fact, given Greece's starting point, with debt at 170 percent of GDP, the adverse effects of austerity mean that trying to raise the primary surplus by 1 point quickly causes the debt-GDP ratio to rise by 5 points (.03*170)."2	"The slump would be very prolonged, with an extended period of jobless recovery."2	Romney declares with horror that Trump would start a trade war.2	"In this case, the BIS not only claims that low interest rates cause financial instability, but goes on to expound a sort of widow's cruse theory of interest rates, in which low rates today lead to even lower rates tomorrow, because they produce bubbles that weaken the economy further when they burst."2	"But Bernanke then goes on, as I understand him, to argue that international capital flows should solve the problem of secular stagnation unless if affects the world as a whole, because capital can seek higher returns abroad; he also argues that the global savings glut is mainly a thing of the past, and that in any case such problems can be addressed mainly by putting pressure on foreign governments to open their capital accounts and stop pursuing policies that promote excessive current account surpluses."2	"In any case, I thought it might be useful to re-explain why our current predicament can be thought of as a global excess of desired savings — which means that fiscal deficits won't drive up interest rates unless they also expand the economy."2	"The Ryan plan sharply cuts taxes on top income, yet if you look at the last page you'll see that tax receipts are supposed to go up by almost $600 billion."2	"I don't watch financial news, but CNBC was on in the gym, so I was treated to a long ad from Ron Paul, who wants you to buy his video explaining the coming crisis brought on by loose money."2	"Maybe full employment really is 5.3 percent unemployment, and by the time that's clear the inflation rate will have ticked up a bit above the Fed's target."2	"It's more or less standard international macro that with high capital mobility and floating exchange rates, demand shocks in any one country or region will be “shared” with other countries."2	"If Greece were to adhere totally to the previous terms, over the next five years it would make resource transfers of about 20 percent of one year's GDP."2	"The Fed can print money, if you increase the supply of something its price will fall, end of story."2	But here's the thing: the estimates appear to be very close to what I've been getting.2	"The thing is that even if that would have worked (which it probably wouldn't), it was inevitable that others would go the whole way and call for laissez-faire all the way, including monetary policy."2	"After the Super Tuesday primaries, Donald Trump will have the most pledged delegates."2	"But the debt won't be paid off all at once — and there's no reason to expect the family to cut its spending right now by $100,000."2	"Instead, it will all be about handling bank panic, managing the transition to a new currency, and possibly removing structural obstacles to increased exports (which would very much include tourism)."2	There's every reason to think that the same thing will happen this time.2	"Suppose that the economy is sufficiently depressed that with expected inflation at 3 percent, actual inflation comes out only 1; expectations will actually eventually catch up, so that if the economy remains depressed we'd expect inflation to go to -1; but if the economy remains depressed even longer, we'd expect inflation to go to -3, then -5, and so on."2	"But it will also cut imports, which other things equal is expansionary."2	"But Matt's main point is that there are very good reasons why changing relative currency values is a lot easier than changing the whole structure of nominal wages and prices: Depreciation makes vacations in Spain cheap, it makes Spanish exports cheap, and it makes it attractive for rich foreigners to actually go buy up excess Spanish housing stock to use as vacation homes and such."2	"It will, however, depress employment even further and inflict a lot of direct suffering too through cuts in social programs."2	"First, he argues that we should not only expect but want government to be substantially bigger in the future than it was in the past."2	"And a rightward shift of the IS curve won't raise rates unless it's big enough to push us to full employment, which doesn't seem likely."2	"And you might therefore argue that we can avoid secular stagnation by letting low interest rates lead to a debased dollar (hi, Congressman Ryan!"2	"Now notice that this family is very much like the representative household in a Ricardian equivalence economy, reacting to a deficit financed infrastructure project like Lucas's bridge; in this case the household really does know that today's spending will reduce its future disposable income."2	And this will lead to inflation.2	"Beyond the politics, the Sanders “plan” isn't just lacking in detail; as Ezra Klein notes, it both promises more comprehensive coverage than Medicare or for that matter single-payer systems in other countries, and assumes huge cost savings that are at best unlikely given that kind of generosity."2	"Basically, the ECB pooh-poohs any notion that austerity would have major negative effects on the economy, suggests that it's quite likely that the confidence fairy will make everything OK, and specifically says that Determined action on the part of governments to undertake fiscal and structural reforms is necessary to preserve stability and cohesion in the euro area."2	"Actually, I know what will happen on the Republican side: someone horrifying will come in first, and someone horrifying will come in second."2	"If a company is thinking about equipping its employees with smartphones that will be antiques in three years, the interest rate isn't going to have much bearing on its decision; and a lot of business investment is like that, if not quite that extreme."2	"The central bank may (or may not, as seems to be true in Russia right now) be able to limit the currency plunge by raising interest rates (now above 13 percent on Russian 10-years), but only at the cost of deepening the recession."2	"After the first decade After the first decade, Medicare is gradually transformed into a voucher scheme, with the value of the vouchers lagging well behind projected health care costs."2	"They have the plan raising GDP by 3.7 percent, but that's at peak; I thought 2.5 percent or so average over 2 years, again not much difference."2	"His proposed 35 percent tariff-like penalties would instigate a trade war and that would raise prices for consumers, kill our export jobs and lead entrepreneurs and businesses of all stripes to flee America."2	"And here's what the Volcker disinflation actually looked like: A temporary but huge surge in unemployment, with inflation coming down to a sustained lower level."2	"This will cut exports, which other things equal depresses the economy."2	"It would surely be ugly in Greece, at least at first."2	"You might think that it's a fundamental insight that doubling the money supply will eventually double the price level, but what the models actually say is that doubling the current money supply and all future money supplies will double prices."2	"Second is downward nominal rigidity, which isn't quite as binding a constraint, but does lead the Phillips curve to be non-vertical in the face of very low inflation; as an IMF study of persistent large output gaps found, even years of a deeply depressed economy tend to produce at most slow, grinding deflation, and more usually slight positive inflation, not the ever-accelerating deflation the standard model would have predicted."2	"But they go on to say that the real lower bound comes from the fact that bank deposits are more useful than currency in a safe, because you can write checks and all that."2	"That was Keynes's whole point in The Economic Consequences of Mr. Churchill — not that the return to gold at too high a parity would mean depression forever, but that it would subject Britain to years of unnecessary suffering."2	"The dollar is rising a lot, which suggests that markets regard the relative rise in US demand as a fairly long-term phenomenon – which in turn should mean that a lot of the rise in US demand ends up benefiting other countries."2	So this might suggest that it would take 5 years of austerity just to get the debt ratio back to where it would have been in the absence of austerity.2	"On the contrary, by dumping dollars China would be doing us a favor."2	"In monetary policy, two zeroes — the hard zero on interest rates and the soft zero on wage changes — can, all too easily, give central bankers a de facto license to let the economy stagnate, remaining far below potential for an indefinite length of time."2	"But, you say, wouldn't China selling our bonds send interest rates up and depress the U.S. economy?"2	"But – you probably guessed where I'm going – what if even a zero rate isn't low enough; that is, low enough to induce enough dissaving on the part of the Janets to match the savings of the Sams?"2	"In effect, European bond markets are flashing a secular stagnation warning."2	"Romer's notes still imply that a protracted liquidity trap should lead to accelerating deflation, which doesn't seem to happen; I think most of us have turned to downward nominal wage rigidity as an explanation."2	Cardiff Garcia excerpts a passage in which he explains why we should care about the concentration of wealth at the top: [T]here is a danger that the rapid growth of top incomes can become self-reinforcing through the political access that money can bring.2	"Finally, there's the confidence fairy: demand-side economics is valid, but business hates big government so much that any attempt to use fiscal policy will backfire."2	But it would be a big mistake to count on monetary policy alone.2	"That's a big subject, but one thing is for sure: given the pressures from abroad, and the worrying strength of the dollar, the Federal Reserve really, really needs to hold off on raising interest rates."2	"The point, however, is that it may take a long time — and there's massive pain along the way."2	"And I'm sure that they'll keep on believing that, for years to come."2	Unemployment would fall by around 10 percentage points relative to no relief.2	Would Keynesians have been willing to change their views drastically if the experience of the global financial crisis had warranted such a change?2	"With Greece running a primary surplus, all new loans — and then some — are going to pay principal and interest on old loans, with less than nothing going to the Greeks."2	"But that would not be a large cost, whereas sliding back into the liquidity trap would be very, very costly."2	"And this will be destructive; not only will output be below potential, but depressed incomes and deflation will make it harder for the Sams to pay down their debt."2	"I think those arguments are wrong — but in any case they have nothing to do with the notion that current rates are somehow artificial, that we should let rates be determined by “supply and demand”."2	Matt O'Brien catches a piece by Dick Morris a few years ago predicting that Obama's legacy would be stagflation.2	Suppose that the multiplier is 1.3 — which is what IMF estimates seem to suggest — and that Greece can collect 40 percent of a rise in GDP in revenue (roughly matching its average revenue/GDP).2	But that would be good for America!2	Don't say there's nothing there: a propaganda machine that could turn John Kerry into a coward can turn a nice guy from Brooklyn into a monstrously flawed specimen of humanity in no time at all.2	"If the government introduces a new program that will spend $100 billion a year forever, then taxes must ultimately go up by the present-value equivalent of $100 billion forever."2	"Yes, that will in a way be rewarding their past excesses – but economics is not a morality play."2	"As Romer points out in his notes, this can be reinterpreted as an open-economy model if we let capital flows be influenced by the exchange rate (most international econ types tend to think in terms of stocks rather than flows, but it doesn't really matter here), so that a lower interest rate leads to currency depreciation."2	"What the economic logic says, however, is that if that's really true, the dollar will just keep heading higher until the drag gets less moderate."2	"And if we're facing a Japanese-type lost decade, which seems all too possible, long rates are in fact still unreasonably high."2	"So you would expect GDP growth to pick up, other things equal, if there is a slowdown in the pace of tightening even if austerity isn't actually reversed."2	"Sanders is still a long shot for the nomination, but is a serious enough contender that he deserves some real scrutiny."2	"But it's an interest group that has a lot of clout among central bankers, because these are people they see every day — and in many cases are people they will become once they go through the revolving door."2	"Meanwhile, I think that Trump would be a very weak general election candidate — the conditions that have let him flourish in the GOP are really unique to that party."2	But this isn't right if the weakness in European demand is perceived as temporary (where that could mean a number of years).2	"The proximate cause is obvious: policy interest rates are very low, and expected to remain low, so money is pouring into alternative assets, driving their yields down too."2	In his stop-Trump speech last week he warned that if The Donald became president America would “sink into prolonged recession.”2	If the negative impact of these cuts is fairly large — which all the evidence coming in suggests is the case under current liquidity-trap conditions — and if the country starts from a fairly high level of debt — as the austerity countries do — something alarming is likely to happen.2	"You made predictions that Very Serious People scoffed at — that as long as we were at the zero lower bound massive increases in the monetary base wouldn't be inflationary, that budget deficits would not drive up interest rates — and also predicted large multipliers from fiscal policy, in particular nasty consequences of austerity."2	"And it suggests that a 1 point rise in the primary surplus, which requires austerity that causes a 3-point fall in real GDP, will reduce inflation by about 0.7 percentage points (3*0.23)."2	I think if you were going to name the two current econoheroes of U.S. liberals they would probably be Joe Stiglitz and yours truly.2	"First, his reaction to the fact that even in 2010 it was obvious that markets weren't performing according to his predictions: This is regrettable, because it is fostering a sense of complacency that can have dire consequences… My analysis can't be wrong, the markets are just misbehaving!"2	"It does NOT crowd out private spending, at least not until the excess supply of savings has been sopped up, which is the same thing as saying not until the economy has escaped from the liquidity trap."2	"One answer is inflation, if you can get it, which will do two things: it will make it possible to have a negative real interest rate, and it will in itself erode the debt of the Sams."2	"And TPM documents the latest example: President Obama would have this election in the bag, according to a number of leading columnists, if only he would act more like President Obama."2	And the only way that could happen was for the currency to depreciate past its long-run value – to overshoot – so that it could be expected to appreciate back to that value over time.2	"But the family has also taken on debt, and will presumably spend less because it knows that it has to pay off that debt."2	"What this in turn implies is that even if you downplay domestic U.S. weakness and focus on the export of capital from other countries, especially Germany, there's no good reason to believe that this new version of the global savings glut will end any time soon."2	"In case #1, everyone sees the relative strength of US spending as temporary – either they see it as a one-time blip that will go away, or they expect the rest of the world to exhibit a similar surge in demand in the not-too-distant future."2	"As I've written before, I just don't see how this is supposed to happen in a country with its own currency that doesn't have a lot of foreign currency debt – especially if the country is currently in a liquidity trap, with monetary policy constrained by the zero lower bound on interest rates."2	"Yet even if the plan gets the hoped-for 80 votes in the Senate, which seems doubtful, responsibility for the plan's perceived failure, if it's spun that way, will be placed on Democrats."2	"Ideals aside, the consequences of playing hardball with Greece over its banks could very easily be immense."2	"But it will also cut imports, which other things equal is expansionary."2	"(And Ricardian equivalence, for what it's worth, says that it would have no effect even if you could do it — households would know that future taxes will have to rise to pay for today's gift, and save all of it.)"2	"No wonder, then, that the whole austerity enterprise is spiraling into disaster."2	Bernie Sanders Will Make the Economy Great Again2	"In his “Comments on the critics” (of his Monetary Framework) Friedman described the “London School (really Austrian) view” that the depression was an inevitable result of the prior boom, that it was deepened by the attempts to prevent prices and wages from falling and firms from going bankrupt, that the monetary authorities had brought on the depression by inflationary policies before the crash and had prolonged it by “easy money” policies thereafter; that the only sound policy was to let the depression run its course, bring down money costs, and eliminate weak and unsound firms."2	"That is, they believed that reforms could create enough flexibility to mainly neutralize Milton Friedman's warning that in the face of negative shocks, countries with fixed exchange rates would suffer large costs: If the external changes are deep-seated and persistent, the unemployment produces steady downward pressure on prices and wages, and the adjustment will not have been completed until the deflation has run its sorry course."2	"Grexit — the often speculated about, never so far materializing Greek exit from the euro — becomes a very real possibility if European creditors try to exert leverage by taking away the safety net for Greek banks."2	"But nobody has ever accused bankers of being especially clear about macroeconomics, and in any case what matters for today's bank executives is not the long run but the next few years, during which they either will or won't be getting big bonuses; in the long run they are all full-time golfers."2	"I'm very worried that the Fed may be gearing up to raise rates too soon; he's sanguine, considering the risk of a Japan-type trap in the US minimal and the case for a rate hike this year solid."2	So you have spectacles like John Kerry and Barack Obama declaring that one big risk from rejecting an Iran deal (which I very much support) would be a threat to the role of the dollar.2	"Now, you could and should be worried if this thing looked like a great bubble — if long-term rates looked unreasonably low given the fundamentals."2	Unemployment would fall by around 10 percentage points relative to no relief.2	"Advocates knew that, to withstand the rigours of a fixed-exchange system that resembles nothing so much as the gold standard, countries would have to adjust to economic shocks through shifts in wages and prices — a course, they believed, that the euro's members would be forced to take."2	Another good employment report — and another triumph for future Republican policies (hahahahaha) — and there will be many voices calling on the Fed to accelerate its tightening.2	"It might do that, or fiscal policy might be forced into action, if the economy really were suffering from accelerating deflation; but instead all you see is low inflation, which might even lead some central bankers to declare that they were doing their job just fine."2	But even a partial move in the direction I've described could have quite significant positive effects on Greek welfare.2	"Estimating the rate of mean-reversion is tricky, but we can more or less sidestep this by looking at long-term expectations: after a decade, we can expect the bulk of any deviation from the norm to be eliminated."2	"Not to keep you in suspense, here's the punchline: the US economy reaps the bulk of the gains from rising demand relative to other countries if and only if that relative rise is perceived by markets as temporary."2	"But there's a substantive difference in views, in which Bernanke correctly, I'd argue, criticizes Summers for insufficient attention to international capital flows – but then argues that once you do allow for international capital movement it obviates many of the secular stagnation concerns, which I believe is wrong."2	"Again, I say this as someone who favors single-payer — but it's just not going to happen anytime soon."2	"Shaving an extra couple of points off the structural deficit will make very little difference to long-run solvency, nor will it do much to accelerate the pace of internal devaluation."2	"Actually, that's unlikely — I see no prospect that Japan will put off the tax hike forever."2	"For in that case the weakness of the euro will also be seen as temporary: the further it falls, the faster investors will expect it to rise back to a “normal” level in the future."2	"And even if Chinese sales somehow put a squeeze on longer maturities, the Fed could just engage in more quantitative easing and buy those bonds up."2	"Kudos, by the way, to the administration-in-waiting for providing this — it will be a joy to argue policy with an administration that provides comprehensible, honest reports, not case studies in how to lie with statistics."2	"The essence of the Greek situation is that the actual parameters of a short-run deal are clear and unavoidable: Greece can't run a primary budget deficit, because nobody will lend it new money, and it won't (and basically can't) run a large primary surplus, because you can't squeeze even more blood from that stone."2	"This meant that we needed more domestic demand, other things equal, to achieve full employment — and arguably that we needed a series of bubbles and rising leverage, which are no longer forthcoming."2	"I would say that if it's right, it's far from clear that the recovery will prove self-sustaining."2	"The question is whether, at the zero bound, the Fed has the ability to increase aggregate demand — full stop."2	And this expected appreciation back toward normality will equalize expected returns after a decline in the euro that is well short of being enough to raise the natural rate of interest all the way to its level abroad.2	"A relaxation of austerity would run this process in reverse; the extra spending would mean a stronger economy, which means more revenue, which means that the primary surplus wouldn't fall as much."2	"“I suspect that we are coming to the end of this downtrend, as applications for new mortgages, the most important series, have flattened out .."2	"Then again, we might be talking about President Trump."2	"OK, this is not going to happen — even in the best of circumstances, Syriza is going to be able to get a relaxation of the primary surplus requirement, not complete abrogation."2	"Looser monetary policy could help achieve these things, but bear in mind that the ECB, like the Fed, is basically up against the zero lower bound."2	"If it's seen as permanent – if, say, investors see strong US demand but Europe stuck in secular stagnation – we should expect a strong dollar to undo a lot of the gains."2	"The question is how much Greece will transfer to its creditors by running primary surpluses — and yes, at this point that's the question, there's no possibility that the creditors will transfer more resources to Greece."2	"Large budget deficits, which shift GG, won't raise rates."2	"That's actually why I was predicting a sluggish recovery well in advance, and in fact well before the Reinhart-Rogoff aftermath paper came out."2	"But here's the thing: the inflation-adjusted Phillips curve predicts not just deflation, but accelerating deflation in the face of a really prolonged economic slump."2	For “most of what would be effective in remedying a depression would be equally effective in preventing this adjustment.” And Hayek found it …still more difficult to see what lasting good effects can come from credit expansion.2	"Niall Ferguson “explaining” that fiscal expansion will actually be contractionary, because it will drive up interest rates."2	"You might think not: as long as there are positive-return investments abroad, capital will flow out."2	"And not incidentally, you might think that the debacle in Kansas would finally kill any notion that conservatives know the secrets of rapid growth."2	"Its annual mortgage payment will be something like $6,000, so maybe you would expect a fall in spending by $6000; that offsets only a small fraction of the debt-financed purchase."2	"Ricardian equivalence says that what determines consumption is the lifetime present value of after-tax income, and hence that, say, a temporary tax cut won't stimulate spending, because people will figure that whatever they gain now will be offset by higher taxes later."2	"and Trump are proposing cuts that would do more fiscal damage than anything W enacted, with the following estimates of the 10-year increase in debt as a percentage of GDP: W: 18.2 Jeb: 28.2 Trump: 39.2 To get a picture of distribution, here's the change in after-tax income for the middle quintile, the top 1 percent, and the top 0.1 percent: So the current crop of candidates, even the supposedly moderate ones, are proposing to blow a bigger hole in the budget than W ever did, and use the extra debt to do even more to increase inequality."2	"A better model might be Europe's Single Market Act, which the European Commission now estimates added 1.8 percent to real incomes; but Eichengreen and Boltho suggest that about half of that reflects policy changes that would have happened anyway."2	"Second, it offers a reason — above and beyond concerns about the zero lower bound — to target a significantly positive inflation rate: at low inflation, more prices and wages will “want” to fall, but be blocked by downward rigidity; so even in the long run, the Phillips curve isn't vertical at low inflation, and you can get permanently lower unemployment by accepting, say, 4 percent inflation rather than insisting on stable prices."2	"On the contrary, they were feeling pretty smug: disinflation had played out exactly the way the models in their textbooks said it should."2	"What this tells us is that inflation tends to be self-perpetuating, unless there's a big excess of either supply or demand."2	That credibility could be meaningfully undermined if we were to take actions that were unlikely to yield clear and significant benefits.2	"A good sample is this piece from Morgan Stanley, according to which “Our US economics team expects bond yields to rise to 5.5% by the end of 2010 – an increase of 220bp that outstrips the 137bp increase in the fed funds rate expected over the same horizon.” Btw: what?"2	"Second is downward nominal rigidity, which isn't quite as binding a constraint, but does lead the Phillips curve to be non-vertical in the face of very low inflation; as an IMF study of persistent large output gaps found, even years of a deeply depressed economy tend to produce at most slow, grinding deflation, and more usually slight positive inflation, not the ever-accelerating deflation the standard model would have predicted."2	What's the problem?” And the slump will just go on.2	And the Fed can move the interest rate by changing the money supply: increase the supply of money and the interest rate must fall to induce people to hold a larger quantity.2	"But Singer will get very angry if you make fun of him; in fact, he denounces reporting that points out how wrong he and others have been as the “Krugmanization” of the media, a term I'll adopt with pride."2	"The idea is that relative purchasing power parity more or less holds in the long run, so you can assume that Japanese inflation equals US inflation plus change in the exchange rate."2	"The gains from falling prices exceed the losses, and if the marginal propensity to spend is similar that should tell the tale for aggregate demand."2	"Roughly, the natural rate of interest is the rate that would lead to stable inflation at more or less full employment."2	"One answer is inflation, if you can get it, which will do two things: it will make it possible to have a negative real interest rate, and it will in itself erode the debt of the Sams."2	"After all, suppose investors conclude that Japan will never raise taxes enough to service its debt."2	"I don't think they're right; but even if they are, I'm not clear what they believe would happen next."2	"Ezra Klein directs us to the latest from the Kaiser Family Foundation, which asks what the average Obamacare 2015 premium increase will be for those places for which we have full information — and finds that premiums will actually decline slightly."2	"But suppose that the increase in government spending is temporary, not permanent — that it will increase spending by $100 billion per year for only 1 or 2 years, not forever."2	"However, changes in spending, positive or negative – e.g., harsh austerity — will have an unusually large effect on output, because they can't be offset by changes in interest rates."2	"In the modern world, we often take a shortcut and just assume that the central bank adjusts the money supply so as to achieve a target interest rate, in effect choosing a point on the IS curve."2	"Or to turn this around, to achieve the extra three points of surplus the troika is demanding, Greece would actually have to find more than 6 points of GDP in spending cuts or tax hikes."2	"Morgan Stanley, September 2006: The pessimists argue that the bursting of a putative housing bubble means that prices could decline significantly."2	"In particular, once expectations of, say, persistent 10 percent inflation have become “embedded” in the economy, it will take a major period of slack — years of high unemployment — to get that rate down."2	“Inexperienced traders will have to tackle markets without the central bank's artificially low interest rates …” [my emphasis].2	"The whole single currency project was flawed from the start, and will keep generating new crises even if Europe somehow gets through this one."2	But of course they never will.2	"But suppose that the increase in government spending is temporary, not permanent — that it will increase spending by $100 billion per year for only 1 or 2 years, not forever."2	"The longer high unemployment drags on, the greater the odds that crazy people will win big in the midterm elections — dooming us to economic policy failure on a truly grand scale."2	"In fact, they're ducking the truly hard issues — because let's face it, stimulus and austerity, QE or not, are politically charged issues where taking any kind of stand will get you attacked."2	"Surely the same people, if you had asked them a few years ago about what would happen if the Fed tried to suppress interest rates by massively expanding its balance sheet, would have predicted runaway inflation."2	"First of all, it explains how sustained gradual deflation can persist."2	"But anyway, suppose the economy is depressed; this will lead to steadily falling inflation, which will lead the central bank to keep cutting interest rates (and because the inflation coefficient in Taylor rules is always bigger than one, this means cutting real rates); and eventually the interest rate will fall enough to restore full employment."2	"OK, then: either the euro must go or something must be done to make it work, because what we're seeing (and the Portuguese are experiencing) is unacceptable."2	It now appears that as of today European leaders have boldly agreed to … announce something or other later in the week.2	"Many never learned simple macro models – if it doesn't involve microfoundations and rational expectations, preferably with difficult math, it must be nonsense."2	Must it rise back to its original level?2	It can raise the interest rate on reserves; it can sell securities.2	Obviously none of this would work if I hadn't at some level made the decision that I needed to fight this aging thing.2	"Now we have plunging commodity prices and a flood of money out of emerging markets; clearly, this shows that the Fed must do the right thing, and raise rates."2	"You can try as hard as you like to tell such people that monetary policy is mainly a technical problem, that the Fed isn't giving money away, and that predictions of runaway inflation have been utterly wrong; it will make no difference."2	"In some ways, they may have gotten even worse."2	And so I don't expect rates to spike when QE2 ends unless there's good economic news that gives us a reason to believe that the zero-rate policy on short-term rates will end sooner than expected.2	"In monetary policy, two zeroes — the hard zero on interest rates and the soft zero on wage changes — can, all too easily, give central bankers a de facto license to let the economy stagnate, remaining far below potential for an indefinite length of time."2	"Sustained high unemployment would keep wages and core inflation low, and quite likely push us toward Japan-style deflation."2	"I wrote about this way back: the usual suspects seized on the Census bulge in employment as evidence of a big-government surge; and because nobody in that business ever admits having been wrong, this became a “fact” that people like Rand Paul believe."2	"The problem is that taking on that commitment could very quickly push France into non-AAA status, collapsing the whole thing."2	"First, he insists that the tax cuts won't reduce revenue, because they'll be offset with unspecified “base-broadening”."2	That's why I think our current problems will last a long time.2	But this will be accompanied by an actual surplus of labor in other occupations.2	"China could just let the renminbi float; given the current state of the Chinese economy, that would surely mean a large depreciation."2	"Second, there are large assumed cuts in discretionary spending relative to current policy — again, CBO: That combination of other mandatory and discretionary spending was specified to decline from 12 percent of GDP in 2010 to about 6 percent in 2021 and then move in line with the GDP price deflator beginning in 2022, which would generate a further decline relative to GDP."2	"This will drive down the value of the euro, increasing net exports, and raising the Wicksellian natural rate."2	"In particular, think about what happens if Greece leaves the euro and then manages to find its footing — which it probably would after a chaotic year or two."2	"I guess that's the problem with blogging: even if you explain your position clearly, after a few months people enter the discussion without knowing about or having forgotten the earlier discussion."2	"The Fed can control short-term interest rates, it can influence long rates — there's a world of difference between those two statements."2	"And this in turn had strong policy implications: you might see a relationship between money and output, but it would disappear if you tried to use it."2	"Here's what we agree on: if consumers have perfect foresight, live forever, have perfect access to capital markets, etc., then they will take into account the expected future burden of taxes to pay for government spending."2	"No, what they might fear is monetization: Japan will print lots of yen to cover deficits."2	"The bottom line is this: we're probably looking at a plan that will shave less than 2 percentage points off the average unemployment rate for the next two years, and possibly quite a lot less."2	"And note that the multiplier is almost surely greater than one; this means that the fall in government spending would induce a fall in private spending too, which is an additional excess burden from the austerity."2	"Then an additional billion euros in spending should generate around 0.5 billion euros in revenue, reducing the primary surplus by only 0.5 billion euros."2	"In fact, a good guess is that you'd have to slash spending by 2 percent of GDP, because austerity shrinks the economy and reduces tax receipts."2	"What the IMF tells us is that such attempts to increase saving actually lead to lower, not higher, investment – and since saving equals investment, actual savings fall."2	"There may also be a rise in investment demand, but ordinarily we'd expect the savings rise to be larger, so that the interest rate falls: So supply and demand for funds doesn't tell you what the interest rate is — not by itself."2	"This clearly implies a lower future tax burden than $100 billion a year forever, and therefore implies a fall in consumer spending of less than $100 billion per year."2	"Another possibility, however, which I at least noted fairly early on, was that downward nominal wage rigidity could explain why the fairly rapid falls in inflation seen in previous slumps weren't happening this time; if wages are “reluctant” to actually fall, inflation becomes “sticky” at low levels even with a very depressed economy."2	"The new Greek leaders will succeed or fail, personally, based on what happens to Greece; there will be no consolation prizes for failing conventionally."2	You might think that this would let the Greeks spend an additional 4.5 percent of GDP — but the benefits to Greece would actually be much bigger than that.2	This is a recipe for convincing investors that the future direction of the currency is down — which means that capital flight will accelerate (and apparently already has.)2	And it takes time.2	"And in normal times the central bank will adjust the interest rate to stabilize the economy, which for current purposes we can think of as meaning that it achieves full employment."2	"Or put it this way: if, say, Jeremy Corbyn or Bernie Sanders were to invent whole new, dubious economic theories to justify the policies they clearly want for other reasons, everyone would be coming down on them hard for being flaky and irresponsible."2	Except that this isn't at all a surprise; it's exactly what those of us who had analyzed the liquidity trap predicted would happen when you expand the monetary base in an economy at the zero lower bound.2	"So ULC should rise over time, by 2 percent a year."2	"So a loss of fiscal credibility would lead to expectations of future inflation, which is a problem for Abe's efforts to, um, get people to expect inflation rather than deflation, because … what?"2	"So, a 3 percent hit to GDP to raise the primary surplus by 1."2	"So no crowding out, no reason interest rates should rise."2	"Then at the time I reset my prices, they'll probably be about 5 percent lower than they “should” be; add that effect to the anticipation of future inflation, and I'll probably mark up my price by 10 percent — even if supply and demand are more or less balanced right now."2	"This will cut exports, which other things equal depresses the economy."2	"Supposedly, Japan would lose credibility."2	There's also the collateral damage such a turn would inflict on poor countries. 2	"But the odds are that they are wrong, and that they're sacrificing their own credibility to put charlatans and cranks in the driver's seat."2	"The betting markets now believe that Greece will vote “no”, but nobody really knows even now."2	Obama estimates of what the American Association of Retired Persons American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan would accomplish.2	"More than that, as Fatas points out, rising debt could be a good sign."2	"In other words, the strong dollar probably is going to be a major drag on recovery."2	"If the government introduces a new program that will spend $100 billion a year forever, then taxes must ultimately go up by the present-value equivalent of $100 billion forever."2	"What I meant is that (a) health care costs will have to be controlled, which will surely require having Medicare and Medicaid decide what they're willing to pay for — not really death panels, of course, but consideration of medical effectiveness and, at some point, how much we're willing to spend for extreme care (b) we'll need more revenue — several percent of GDP — which might most plausibly come from a value-added tax And if we do those two things, we're most of the way toward a sustainable budget."2	"For one thing, the huge surge in enrollments late in the day meant that the risk pool this year is better than insurers expected, and they now expect 2015 to be better still."2	"He wouldn't have made this mistake if he ever read or listened to an analysis from nonpartisan sources, but he evidently doesn't."2	And it looks as if there's a lot more failing conventionally in Europe's future.2	"And let's make two assumptions: first, Germany's economy is three times the size of Spain's, so that German inflation is 3/4 of the overall index, Spain's inflation 1/4; second, past events have left Spanish wages and prices 20 percent logarithmic too high relative to Germany."2	Almost everyone expects unemployment in late 2010 to remain close to 10%.2	"Anyway, I'm not going to obsess over this — this too shall pass, just like the 2008 primary season when I was history's greatest monster because I was skeptical about the Obama promise of transformation."2	"Not exactly what we've seen in the era of zero rates and QE: OK, there are arguments that the Fed should be willing to abandon its inflation target so as to discourage bubbles."2	Suppose that there were a way to end this depression.2	"On this view asset purchases matter because over time they change the stocks of assets available : by buying long term federal debt, the Fed takes some of that debt off the market, and hence drives up the price of what's left, reducing interest rates."2	The point is that this has to be one of the weakest policy arguments I've ever seen: Arguing that the Fed should shy away from doing all it can to create jobs because you're afraid that at some point in the future Fed officials will be insufficiently hawkish because they're afraid that people will make fun of them.2	"If a company is thinking about equipping its employees with smartphones that will be antiques in three years, the interest rate isn't going to have much bearing on its decision; and a lot of business investment is like that, if not quite that extreme."2	"And he'll also make it easier for the Sams to pay down their debt; if he keeps it up long enough, he can bring them to the point where they're no longer so severely balance-sheet constrained, and further deficit spending is no longer required to achieve full employment."2	Suppose that the multiplier is 1.3 — which is what IMF estimates seem to suggest — and that Greece can collect 40 percent of a rise in GDP in revenue (roughly matching its average revenue/GDP).2	"The Fed can control short-term interest rates, it can influence long rates — there's a world of difference between those two statements."2	"In warning about Trumponomics, Romney declared If Donald Trump's plans were ever implemented, the country would sink into prolonged recession."2	"For the world as a whole, the cuts in exports and imports will by definition be equal, so as far as world demand is concerned, trade wars are a wash. OK, I'm sure some people will start shouting “Krugman says protectionism does no harm.” But no: protectionism in general should reduce efficiency, and hence the economy's potential output."2	"This was supposed to be the interest rate consistent with price stability; if the central bank tried to keep rates below this level, it might be able to for a while, but the result would be an overheating economy and accelerating inflation."2	"I don't think it's a waste of time to discuss how that misplaced focus happened, including the unfortunate role played by some economists who have done fine work in the past and will presumably do fine work in the future."2	"On the other hand, Grexit would produce a rapid improvement in competitiveness, at the cost of possible financial chaos.This is not a route anyone has been willing to go down, but one does have to say that as the crisis worsens it becomes a more plausible outcome."2	But he worries that it won't do these things because it will be embarrassed if it finds itself paying more in interest than it is earning on its portfolio.2	"This isn't what you usually hear — the 70s have taken on mythical status, and are constantly invoked by inflation worriers, while the 80s get mentioned, if at all, as somehow proving the truth of supply-side economics."2	"If LM doesn't shift, the interest rate will rise, but only because the loss of investor confidence is actually, through depreciation, having an expansionary effect."2	And these assertions about how markets will react are (a) not based on any actual evidence (b) actually assume that markets will behave irrationally This goes for both fiscal and monetary policy.2	"In this world, we'll assume that no real investment is possible, so that loans are made only to finance consumption in excess of income."2	You might think that this would let the Greeks spend an additional 4.5 percent of GDP — but the benefits to Greece would actually be much bigger than that.2	"Scott Sumner sends us to David Glasner, who shows that stock prices have had a positive correlation with expected inflation since 2008, strongly suggesting that aggregate demand is at the heart of our problems."2	"Instead of falling, the ratio of debt to GDP is likely to rise for years."2	"If you have exceptionally strong demand, your currency will rise, crimping your own growth while boosting growth abroad; if you have exceptionally weak demand, you will get partial compensation via a weaker currency that helps net exports."2	"Sure enough, if we try to figure out the market's implied prediction for the euro, it seems to imply persistent weakness."2	"Now, you can argue, as Brad DeLong does, that easy money is in the long-run interest of commercial banks — that in the end the nominal interest rate depends on the rate of inflation, and that locking us into a lowflation or deflation world would be very bad for the banks."2	"So this increase in demand will be reflected not in higher output, but in a rise in interest rates."2	But why do the AKs claim this will happen?2	"Why? The only specific reason he gave was that those duties would “instigate a trade war and that would raise prices for consumers, kill our export jobs and lead entrepreneurs and businesses of all stripes to flee America.”"2	"The problems of the euro, in other words, weren't caused by an outbreak of fiscal irresponsibility that won't recur if the Greeks can be brought to heel; they weren't even, in a deep sense, the result of big capital flows that won't come back again."2	"You might say that the truth will show up on the scale and your waistline eventually; yes, but that's too future oriented."2	"Yet this truth is precisely what the critics won't acknowledge, because that would endanger their comfortable position of scolding everyone equally."2	"A relaxation of austerity would run this process in reverse; the extra spending would mean a stronger economy, which means more revenue, which means that the primary surplus wouldn't fall as much."2	But even a partial move in the direction I've described could have quite significant positive effects on Greek welfare.2	"The model, and more broadly overall logic, suggests that there is good no reason why the economy has to suffer a large loss of output and employment after a Minsky moment."2	"And if you follow that through, you find that dropping the requirement that Greece run a primary surplus of 4.5 percent of GDP would allow spending to rise by 9 percent of GDP — twice as much — and that this would raise GDP by 12 percent relative to what it would have been otherwise."2	"Let's run with that, and create a crude adjusted measure of austerity."2	"Once interest rates on safe assets are zero or lower, however, liquidity has no opportunity cost; people will saturate themselves with it."2	"The chart above has unemployment ex-stimulus peaking at 9 percent in the first quarter of 2010 and coming down through the year; the CBO estimates an average unemployment rate of 9 percent for 2010, so the Obama people are more optimistic than the CBO, and a lot more optimistic than I am."2	"This bore on the question of whether exchange rate changes make adjustments in relative costs and prices easier; it bore more broadly on the question of whether prices are flexible, as fresh-water economists like to assume, or instead sticky in nominal terms."2	"So they say the plan would lower unemployment by about 2 percentage points, I said 1.7, but their estimate may actually be a bit more pessimistic than mine."2	"Indeed, Hobijn and Daly suggest that there's a “pent-up demand for wage cuts” that will probably push inflation lower even if the economy is recovering."2	"This is telling us that markets expect the euro area economy to be depressed, and ECB rates very low, for many years to come."2	"In any case, whatever happens will probably last quite a while."2	"Here's what we agree on: if consumers have perfect foresight, live forever, have perfect access to capital markets, etc., then they will take into account the expected future burden of taxes to pay for government spending."2	There's a huge overhang of excess housing inventory; it will probably take several years before housing prices fall to realistic levels; and it's not at all clear what will fill the gap left by weak housing and consumer spending.2	"This relationship predicts falling inflation when the economy is depressed and the output gap is negative, rising inflation when the economy is overheating and the output gap is positive; this prediction works fairly well for modern US experience, explaining in particular the disinflation of the Volcker recession of the 1980s and the disinflation we're experiencing now."2	"Ambrose Evans-Pritchard pushes back against my in-passing criticism of a column I mainly agree with, in which I argued that it's hard to see why anyone believes that money supply increases will do the trick after the past six years."2	"But even if you assume that the doctrine is right, it does NOT imply that government spending on, say, infrastructure will be met by offsetting declines in private spending."2	"But we do need to remember that on the eve of the latest plunge real oil prices were very high by historical standards, so that oil imports as a share of GDP remained quite high — in fact, early OPEC high: So the economic impact might be bigger than you think."2	And in that context more saving actually hurts the economy; it even hurts investment via the paradox of thrift.2	"After all, wasn't everyone predicting lots of inflation?"2	"Meanwhile, German 10-year real interest rates are around -1, while U.S. real rates are slightly positive; this implies that markets expect the euro to recover only a third or so of its recent decline over the next decade."2	So is there anything in the data suggesting that we need to invoke fear of government to explain low investment?2	"On the other hand, that history is, I think, one factor behind a phenomenon we saw in 2008 and will see again this year: there's a lot more passionate support for Clinton than either Sanders supporters or the news media imagine."2	In the long run we are all dead.2	Third — and I fear that this is going to be a major issue in the future — it's important to take account of downward rigidity so as not to get fooled into accepting a persistently depressed economy as normal.2	"I posted about the surprisingly good news, at least so far, on Obamacare premiums for 2015 — and as usual was met with a wall of rage from the right."2	I don't know what will happen in the caucuses tomorrow.2	"But the crucial point, which he touches on only briefly at the end, is that whatever China's motives, the Chinese wouldn't hurt us if they dumped our bonds — in fact, it would probably be good for America."2	"So you would think that an agreement for Greece to run a modest primary surplus over the next few years would be easy to reach — that is what will happen, so why not make it official?"2	"But a stronger dollar will make US goods less competitive, and act as a brake on further recovery."2	"Everything is different if the central bank is busy adjusting rates in response to conditions, and may well raise rates to offset the effects of any fiscal expansion."2	In either case government borrowing for stimulus would have the effect of shifting the IS curve right.2	Austerity for a country in Greece's position appears to be an unworkable solution even if debt is all you care about.2	Would there ever be final buyers for what all this capacity could produce?2	"So let's think of the choice being between Trump and Not-Trump, who is somewhat less awful but more likely to win in the general."2	"So here's what I did: I took the implied 10-year breakeven inflation rate from US TIPS, minus the 10-year interest rate differential, plus the real appreciation Japan would experience if the real exchange rate against the dollar 10 years from now were to return to its level in January 2010."2	The Republican nominee won't.2	"Bernanke seems to be saying that if there is a problem, it can be solved by cracking down on currency manipulation: [T]he US and the international community should continue to oppose national policies that promote large, persistent current account surpluses and to work toward an international system that delivers better balance in trade and capital flows."2	"Now we face a more severe slump, probably driven by deleveraging, in which even a zero rate isn't low enough, so monetary policy has to work in unconventional ways – in particular, by changing expectations about future inflation, so as to reduce real interest rates."2	"And the things the Fed is trying to do are in fact largely about compressing that spread, either by persuading investors that it will keep short rates at zero for a longer time or by going out and buying long-term assets."2	"In warning about Trumponomics, Romney declared If Donald Trump's plans were ever implemented, the country would sink into prolonged recession."2	"The thing which is most needed to secure healthy conditions is the most speedy and complete adaptation possible of the structure of production.If the proportion as determined by the voluntary decisions of individuals is distorted by the creation of artificial demand resources [are] again led into a wrong direction and a definite and lasting adjustment is again postponed.The only way permanently to ‘mobilise' all available resources is, thereforeto leave it to time to effect a permanent cure by the slow process of adapting the structure of production."2	The Fed should not be fighting against inflation until it sees the whites of its eyes.” And I mean exactly: Don't tighten until you see the whites of inflation's eyes — and at this point there is absolutely zero sign that inflation is nigh.2	"And we would expect people to save much or most of such a tax cut — all of it, if you believe in full Ricardian equivalence."2	"Jeb Bush is not going to be the Republican nominee, so it's somewhat unfortunate that the invaluable Tax Policy Center chose to make his proposals the subject of its first analysis of candidate tax plans."2	"But they failed to deliver the promised prosperity — and given the changes in the environment since then, any repeat of his push should seem unattractive."2	What none of us thought about at the time was the further problem of the interaction of deflation and debt — the way attempts to adjust through falling wages would worsen debt problems.2	"And, of course, the better the deal the more people will sign up: success feeds success."2	"The way this channel works in standard models, however, is that a rise in the real money supply reduces interest rates, leading to a rise in demand; and a fall in nominal wages for a given money supply would have the same effect."2	"My opinion is that the demand, even though active and strong, will be met by supply which will be badly adjusted to fit it."2	"And, of course, this destructive behavior is especially likely if said country authorities are firm believers in the notion that austerity does not depress output; they'll see the weak performance either as “structural” or as showing the need for more confidence."2	"It's true that China could, possibly, depress the value of the dollar."2	"It would be one thing if people like Cochrane had a serious critique of all this evidence, and of the decades-long research agenda that has confirmed the importance of price stickiness."2	Matthew Yglesias notes an uptick in Very Serious People warning that China might lose confidence in America and start dumping our bonds.2	"I may be doing some media where people will ask me about what the oil plunge means for the US economy, so I thought I'd spend a bit of time figuring out what if anything I might say that's interesting."2	"The thing to understand, in any case, is that if Grexit does come, fiscal issues will immediately cease to be central to the story."2	"And in both cases his positioning is disturbing — not just because it's politically unrealistic to imagine that we can get the kind of radical overhaul he's proposing, but also because he takes his own version of cheap shots."2	"But anyway, suppose the economy is depressed; this will lead to steadily falling inflation, which will lead the central bank to keep cutting interest rates (and because the inflation coefficient in Taylor rules is always bigger than one, this means cutting real rates); and eventually the interest rate will fall enough to restore full employment."2	Suppose temporarily that the Fed holds the money supply fixed; in that case the interest rate must be such as to match that demand to the quantity of money.2	"Suppose that I'm setting my price for the next year, and that I expect the overall level of prices — including things like the average price of competing goods — to rise 10 percent over the course of the year."2	"Think about it: China selling our bonds wouldn't drive up short-term interest rates, which are set by the Fed."2	"A capital inflow produces a trade deficit by causing the exchange rate to appreciate, the price level to rise, or some other change in the real economy that affects trade flows."2	"Unfortunately, between the GOP and the Very Serious People (who love, just love, the idea that it's structural), it won't happen any time soon."2	"In that case monetary policy is initially tighter than the central bank would like, so that even if MP shifts left it won't matter unless the shift is very large: My point is that what sounds like a straightforward claim – that loss of foreign confidence causes a contractionary rise in interest rates – just doesn't come out of anything like a standard model."2	"Greece has been running a primary surplus since 2013, and according to its agreements with the troika it's supposed to run a surplus of 4.5 percent of GDP for many years to come."2	But any responsible future president would have to think hard about such matters.2	"Obama will have a hard time taking their advice, however, given that he's already proposed those very ideas."2	"Yes, maybe bond markets will punish us if we don't slash spending right now; also, maybe we'll have bad luck if we step on cracks, or fail to turn aside when Basement Cat crosses our path."2	"We said that as long as the economy remained deeply depressed, even a huge rise in the monetary base would not be inflationary, and that even huge budget deficits would not send interest rates soaring."2	"In fact, it's conceivable that things like rising fuel costs and automation (which makes labor costs less central) will lead to some “reshoring” of manufacturing to advanced countries, and a corresponding decline in the trade share."2	"Second, everyone acknowledges that the impact of a delayed sales tax increase on Japan's debt would be trivial — less than one percent of GDP."2	"Suppose that Greece were to spend somewhat more than contemplated under the current agreement; the primary surplus would surely be less than would otherwise be the case, but the effect would be much less than one-for-one."2	"Specifically, you'd expect any nominal shock to move the price level by the same amount that they move the exchange rate."2	"And this will be destructive; not only will output be below potential, but depressed incomes and deflation will make it harder for the Sams to pay down their debt."2	"And for that matter, a rise in inflation expectations would actually be a good thing right now, encouraging more spending — unless you believe that markets will someone react badly, for reasons not specified, to the Fed's impaired “credibility” defined as … well, I'm not sure what."2	Some experts claim that premiums will rise by double digits — big news!2	"There may very well be a great shortage of labor of certain kinds, with no prospect of any shifting or adapting which will bring about an increased supply."2	"He suggests that hidden protectionism may be partly to blame, and that this may have large economic costs."2	"“These increased upside risks to inflation call for higher policy rates.” In fact, inflation is running below target just about everywhere."2	But even a quick glance at international balance of payments statistics shows you that countries whose currencies play no special role whatever are perfectly capable of running deficits over a long time; all that matters is that they be perceived as reliable debtors who offer good investment opportunities.2	This lets Sanders claim that he could make it work with much lower middle-class taxes than would probably be needed in practice.2	"While Ted Cruz may insist that the liberal media are conspiring to choose Trump so they can blow him up later — it's all tinfoil hats over there, folks — the truth is that Republican primary voters don't watch John Oliver, and an endorsement from the NY Times is probably the kiss of death."2	The EU could prevent that by deliberately undermining the post-euro Greek economy.2	"The country doesn't stay depressed forever: high unemployment leads to actual or at least relative deflation, which gradually improves cost-competitiveness, which leads to rising net exports and gradual expansion."2	"And he'll also make it easier for the Sams to pay down their debt; if he keeps it up long enough, he can bring them to the point where they're no longer so severely balance-sheet constrained, and further deficit spending is no longer required to achieve full employment."2	"Even huge increases in the monetary base won't be inflationary – they shift MM to the right, but it makes no difference."2	"Assume that consumers want to reduce consumption by the same amount every year to offset this tax burden; then consumer spending will fall by $100 billion per year to compensate, wiping out any expansionary effect of the government spending."2	"It would not mean demanding that creditors throw good money after bad; everyone has already implicitly acknowledged that the debt will never be fully paid at market rates, but Greece is making a transfer to its creditors by running a primary surplus, and we're just arguing now about how big that transfer will be."2	"Look, all we're talking about is the rate of interest at which the economy would be more or less at full employment, which in turn implies that inflation will be more or less stable."2	"Many people on Wall Street are now warning that there's a huge bubble in government debt, that interest rates will spike any day now; it's a warning that clearly has the Obama administration's ear."2	"In my simple 1998 model, there's only one way the Fed can affect things at all: by promising, credibly, to print more money in the future, when the zero lower bound no longer binds."2	"(my italics) On spending, they declared: That combination of other mandatory and discretionary spending was specified to decline from 12 percent of GDP in 2010 to about 6 percent in 2021 and then move in line with the GDP price deflator beginning in 2022, which would generate a further decline relative to GDP."2	"And that's a situation in which Europe's weakness will be largely shared with the rest of the world — Europe will have its fall cushioned by trade surpluses, but the rest of us will be dragged down by the counterpart deficits."2	"So international macro was probably going to stay relatively Keynesian, simply because the facts had such a well-known Keynesian bias."2	"Either way, they'll see it as a reason to tighten even more."2	"And, even if the absorption of the unemployed resources were to be quickened in this way, it would only mean that the seed would already be sown for new disturbances and new crises."2	Bottom line: even if I use the Romer-Bernstein estimates instead of my own — there really isn't much difference — this plan looks too weak.2	This in turn means that you'd shrink the economy by around 3 percent.2	"For what it's worth, I still don't expect The Donald to win the nomination; the big money will presumably coalesce around someone — though given Jeb's foot-in-mouth performance it's hard to see who — and will probably squeeze him out in the end."2	"And if you follow that through, you find that dropping the requirement that Greece run a primary surplus of 4.5 percent of GDP would allow spending to rise by 9 percent of GDP — twice as much — and that this would raise GDP by 12 percent relative to what it would have been otherwise."2	"Some methods widely used to estimate potential output in effect assume that the economy has a strong tendency to return to full employment, so if we see a prolonged slump those methods rewrite history, concluding that the economy must have been badly overheated before the slump."2	"What's interesting now is that he freely admits that the Fed does, in fact, have multiple instruments with which to pull back liquidity and forestall inflation if recovery ever really comes."2	"In the early stages of the Lesser Depression some data seemed to suggest a sharp rise in mismatch; it was left for us demand-siders to argue that this was actually a cyclical, not structural issue, and not fundamental to the employment problem."2	German interest rates – presumably an indicator of perceived euro safe rates – are negative out to seven years; the 10-year rate is only 16 basis points.2	"On the Democratic side, well, the last five polls all show Clinton in the lead, and FiveThirtyEight gives her an 80 percent chance of winning, but it's not a sure thing."2	"Alexis Tsipras is not going to be on bank boards of directors, president of the BIS, or, probably, an EU commissioner."2	"Among the Cambridge mafia, and in general among policy-oriented, more or less Keynesian types, there's a surprisingly sharp divide over near-term US monetary policy."2	"If you leave office held in high esteem by the Davos set, there are any number of European Commission or IMF or whatnot gigs that you might be eligible for even if you're absolutely despised by your fellow countrymen."2	"First, unless Japan breaks out of deflation, and the artificially high real interest rates this causes, there is no way to achieve fiscal sustainability."2	"First Eugene Fama, now John Cochrane, have made the claim that debt-financed government spending necessarily crowds out an equal amount of private spending, even if the economy is depressed — and they claim this not as an empirical result, not as the prediction of some model, but as the ineluctable implication of an accounting identity."2	"And if you start with debt of 170 percent of GDP, this raises the debt ratio by more than a percentage point each year."2	"And if the anti-establishment forces have a recovering Greece to point to, the discrediting of the establishment will accelerate."2	"Third, there's the standard textbook crowding out story, in which increased government spending in the face of a fixed money supply, or maybe a nominal income target, causes interest rates to rise and private investment to fall."2	"Protectionism can do real harm, making economies less efficient and reducing long-run growth."2	"The true social cost of these things will be very low, because he'll be putting resources that would otherwise be unemployed to work."2	"Remember, the main reason austerity has been so harsh is that cutting spending leads to economic contraction, which leads to lower revenues, which forces further cuts to hit the budget target."2	Probably they imagine that once the election is past sensible economics will return.2	"(10) And so, at the end of our analysis, we arrive at results which only confirm the old truth that we may perhaps prevent a crisis by checking expansion in time, but that we can do nothing to get out of it before its natural end, once it has come."2	"After all, all indications are that we're going to be dealing with a depressed economy for a long time to come."2	"As it happens, I don't think this stuff will come into play in Japan, where the Ministry of Finance's deficit obsession ensures that tax hikes will at best be delayed, not canceled."2	"It's less clear, I'd say, that health care will be a big driver, since the rate of growth of health spending seems to have slowed."2	Those savings and investment curves are what the supply and demand for funds would be if the economy were at full employment.2	"Then Greece's fiscal problems would melt away, with no need for further cuts."2	Ordinarily we would expect unit labor costs — the labor cost of producing a fixed amount of output — to rise more or less at the overall rate of inflation.2	"Moving from a very limited financial system that doesn't allow much debt to a somewhat more open-minded system should, in that case, be good for growth and welfare."2	"He also suggests — or at least that's how I read him — the common thread among these activities that makes the government a better provider than the market; namely, they all involve individuals making very-long-term decisions."2	"I'm very worried that the Fed may be gearing up to raise rates too soon; he's sanguine, considering the risk of a Japan-type trap in the US minimal and the case for a rate hike this year solid."2	Not a good omen for Europe.2	"So suppose that there were a doubling of prices in America while inflation remained at zero in Europe, but that the dollar lost half its value against the euro."2	"I've also put in the closest growth number I could get to the one Bartels uses for the US, taken from the ONS."2	"Partly also, I suspect, because creditors have come to expect the symbolism of debtor governments abjectly abandoning their campaign promises in the name of responsibility, and are waiting for the new Greek government to pay the usual tribute of humiliation."2	"Assume that consumers want to reduce consumption by the same amount every year to offset this tax burden; then consumer spending will fall by $100 billion per year to compensate, wiping out any expansionary effect of the government spending."2	Now suppose that investors turn on your country for some reason.2	The path rises steadily from about 15 percent of GDP in 2010 to 19 percent in 2028 and remains at that level thereafter.1	"It gives some of those excess savings a place to go — and in the process expands overall demand, and hence GDP."1	"For the past year or so, however, Pimco seems to me to have been making less and less sense."1	"As Ezra Klein noted, reporters didn't treat him as an ordinary public figure, but rather as the voice of obvious responsibility, on whose behalf the ordinary rules of press neutrality didn't apply."1	So there you have it.1	"Yes, good macro tends to be simple, at least conceptually; but simple and simplistic aren't the same thing, and by and large people who solemnly declared that things are more complicated than that ended up with lots of egg on their faces."1	The best line I've ever heard about Ayn Rand's influence: There are two novels that can change a bookish fourteen-year old's life: The Lord of the Rings and Atlas Shrugged.1	"Nonetheless, a huge increase in the monetary base just sat there, mostly in the form of increased bank reserves – the same as what happened in America later."1	So it seems to me that for now I should hold back a bit.1	"Look at the June 2010 monthly report of the ECB (pdf), specifically the discussion of “fiscal consolidation” on page 83 and following."1	"So, deja vu all over again, all over again."1	What's wrong with that argument?1	"This view could be wrong, or at least incomplete."1	The result is that most news consumers — who form impressions rather than trying to work out details — have the sense that it's been all bad news.1	So let me try this one more time.1	"But of course it wasn't the interest on reserves, as both the 30s case and Japan show."1	"Core inflation isn't supposed to measure the cost of living, it's supposed to measure something else: inflation inertia."1	And that isn't happening.1	"Comparative advantage was an early, classic example of how economic reasoning can lead to results that are true but not obvious; naturally, economists have always wanted this intellectual victory to be important in the real world too."1	"The Wall Street Journal, similarly, could have attracted someone much less likely to trip over his own intellectual shoelaces."1	"This is an equilibrating system — I'm not sure if it's exactly self-equilibrating, because part of the mechanism runs through the mind of the central bank."1	"Modern conservatism doesn't have Friedman-like figures — people who would be prominent economists thanks to their research whatever their politics, who are also public intellectuals– because it doesn't want them."1	"I've been following San Fermin for a while, and they had a slot from 10 to 10:40 — which was nearly sabotaged by technical problems."1	"And we understand — or used to understand — how the Depression happened, and what to do in such a situation."1	"It's a real problem; U.S. economic fundamentals are fairly strong, but we risk, in effect, importing economic weakness from the rest of the world."1	"When I say that Republicans have been more protectionist than Democrats, I'm not talking about the distant past, about the high-tariff policies of the Gilded Age; I'm talking about modern Republican presidents, like Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush."1	"We replaced the old, bank-centered system with a high-tech gizmo that was supposed to be more efficient — but it relied on fancy computer chips to function, and it turns out that there were some fatal errors in the programming."1	"But we really, really don't know what unemployment rate corresponds to “full employment”."1	And to raise the old “equilibrium interest rates must be positive because capital is productive” line at this point — after two decades of Japanese experience and 7 years at the zero lower bound here in America — suggests a strange sort of out-of-touchness.1	"On the other side you have either supply-side views a la Mulligan claiming that taxes and benefits are discouraging people from working, or more or less Austrianish views that it's about maladaption of the structure of production that left too many workers and too much capital stuck in the wrong industries."1	"You might try to argue that there is a US interest in enhancing IP protection even if it's not good for the world, because in many cases it's US corporations with the property rights."1	So here we go.1	And the outcomes were well within a range consistent with the previous austerity-growth relationship.1	"Look, standard Keynesian models, open-economy version, tell a very clear story about what happens when a country pegs its exchange rate at a level that leaves its industry uncompetitive."1	And when I look around I realize that our disagreement over coffee is part of a wider split.1	A few thoughts.1	"The zero lower bound on short rates really does matter, even if longer-term rates are positive."1	A number of commenters have asked for a summary of what's actually in the Ryan plan.1	"Sometimes jargon is good, too."1	The answer is a fall in interest rates.1	Start with Bernanke's critique of Summers.1	"But the real losers here are the reporters and centrist pundits who let themselves be played, month after month, by Trey Gowdy and company."1	"Inequality is a big issue, too, in a way it wasn't at the end of the Clinton boom."1	But their analyses ring truer than ever.1	"Here too, however, GDP must be taken into account: a higher level of GDP will mean more transactions, and hence higher demand for money, other things equal."1	Let me repost most of it: It's one thing to have an argument about whether consumers are perfectly rational and have perfect access to the capital markets; it's another to have the big advocates of all that perfection not understand the implications of their own model.1	"The point here is that Warsh's argument basically rests on assertions not about what markets are saying now, but about presumed market reactions to policy."1	"Since 2010, however, fiscal policy has been paralyzed by GOP obstruction, so we're back to a situation where the WH has little influence."1	"But rather than questioning its premises, that side of the field essentially turned its back on evidence, calibrating its models rather than testing them, and refusing even to teach alternative views."1	"The answer is that you need to add “liquidity preference”, the supply and demand for money."1	"And the rest of the answer is that Denmark (and, to a lesser extent, Canada) has a much stronger social safety net than we do. "1	"One of the common arguments against fiscal policy in the current situation – one that sounds sensible – is that debt is the problem, so how can debt be the solution?"1	"But I never believed this would work, and based my skepticism on some real evidence."1	"The US wasn't experiencing accelerating inflation at an unemployment rate around 5 percent in the mid-2000s; it's not seeing accelerating inflation now, with unemployment back to the same vicinity."1	"His economics is all wrong, which is the main thing; but it's also worth noting that thee and a half years ago Romney himself argued for exactly the same policies Trump advocates now, blithely dismissing the dangers: “I've watched year in and year out as companies have shut down and people have lost their jobs because China has not played by the same rules, in part by holding down artificially the value of their currency,” Mr. Romney said."1	"It was a striking experience, sartorially: I showed up in Newport Beach in my gray business suit, and they were all in casual shirts and slacks, some (as I remember it) with fashionable stubble."1	"Well, here's a quick and easy picture."1	"Maybe, but my guess is that there was nothing they could do to avoid a bitter confrontation short of immediate betrayal of the voters who put them in office."1	Both had 80 percent approval among Democrats in the DMR poll released yesterday.1	Gosh.1	“Homebuilders led the stock parade this week with a fantastic 11 percent gain.1	"What Matt may not know, however, is that this is a classic argument in international macro, and the person who made it best was …."1	Jeb Bush!1	"But what I found striking was Hiatt's offhand explanation of why his never-changing, never-right prediction keeps not happening; it's because the Federal Reserve is gobbling up U.S. debt to keep interest rates low Clearly, this has become part of the CW."1	"And now they're shocked, shocked that the Greek economy is plunging into a hole."1	"This is utterly wrong, and in fact Gross's own mistakes show that it's wrong: one of his big failures was betting that rates would spike when the Fed ended QE2, which they predictably didn't."1	"Yes, this is “printing money” – but when you're in a liquidity trap, that doesn't matter."1	What makes this belief curious is that it's the exact opposite of the truth.1	Awesome.1	"In other words, they fear that a successful stimulus would be wasting a good crisis."1	"Instead, Iceland devalued its currency massively and imposed capital controls."1	In fact — and I wish both Yates and Bernanke were clearer about this — Taylor's central claim about the alleged errors of monetary policy is bizarre.1	"Finally, I know that people who airily dismiss the austerity debate and all that and demand that we focus on the long run think they're taking a brave stand; but you know, they aren't."1	"I mean, where are the editorials in the WSJ demanding that the Fed raise its inflation target?"1	"but not too far off — despite being at the zero lower bound for many years, Japan ended up offering more or less competitive real returns."1	And maybe we should.1	So what does government borrowing do?1	"All they've actually done, of course, is rehash their prejudices."1	"Here's the diagram: In this picture savings plus taxes equal investment plus government spending, the accounting identity that both Fama and Cochrane think vitiates fiscal policy — but it doesn't."1	The relevance to Greece seems obvious.1	"In short, the data strongly point toward a cyclical, not a structural story — and there is broad agreement, for once, among economists on this point."1	"Are they, maybe, considering the possibility that they're listening to the wrong people, that maybe Jon Gruber knows what he's talking about and John Goodman is a hack?"1	"In its 2011 report, in fact, it declared that Highly accommodative monetary policies are fast becoming a threat to price stability."1	"It does NOT crowd out private spending, at least not until the excess supply of savings has been sopped up, which is the same thing as saying not until the economy has escaped from the liquidity trap."1	And here are mine.1	What's wrong with this?1	So what happens?1	I'm still working on this.1	"Thus, I'd argue that the growth-based agenda should focus on a different list of issues: expanding education and training; expanding research and development spending; tax and regulatory reform; expanding international trade; and investments in energy and infrastructure."1	A much stronger expansion in the euro area as a whole; higher inflation in the European core.1	"Still, that remains a live argument."1	"Our currency rises, which causes a larger trade deficit; demand for domestic goods falls, while demand abroad rises, reducing the gap in interest rates."1	"And it also gets you past confusions like the notion that government deficits, by driving up interest rates, can actually cause the economy to contract."1	"Because if the interest rate fell below zero, people would just hold cash instead of bonds."1	"The 1990-91 recession was brought on by a credit crunch, the 2001 recession by overinvestment; this time we've got both."1	"Exhibit 1 shows the overall stance of fiscal policy in the GIIPS, using the IMF's estimate of the structural budget balance as a share of potential GDP — an imperfect measure, but good enough, I think, to make the point."1	Then we have a problem.1	"Or it might be the paradox of flexibility, which says that under current conditions a fall in wages would lead to lower,not higher employment and output."1	"Still thinking about the Bloomberg Businessweek interview with Rand Paul, in which he nominated Milton Friedman's corpse for Fed chairman."1	"Using that approach, they laid out at some length various scenarios for a strategy of reducing the rate of money growth, and hence eventually reducing inflation."1	"What's more, the positions of the parties will be the reverse of what you might have expected: Republicans, who claim to stand for free markets, are likely to nominate a crude protectionist, leaving Democrats, with their skepticism about untrammeled markets, as the de facto defenders of relatively open trade."1	"And in particular, they haven't grasped how Ryan has gamed the system."1	And the trouble is that it's not at all clear where these interests lie.1	"And, above all, the fact that for many years this guy was regarded as the Maestro, a man of almost supernatural wisdom and judgment."1	"is running on his economic record as governor of Florida, on the claim that he knows how to create growth — 4 percent growth, no less — because of the way Florida prospered during his term in office: We made Florida number one in job creation and number one in small business creation."1	The case for raising the target — which means not raising rates if and when inflation finally creeps up to 2 percent — just keeps getting stronger.1	"On the whole, it seems less likely for the outsiders, although it's true that the Keynesian econoblogs form what amounts to a tight ongoing discussion group that could be doing some amplification of its own: But if you ask me, there's a worrying complacency among the insiders right now, and I would urge them to consider the potential consequences if they're wrong."1	"Rand Paul by no means has a monopoly on monetary crazy, conspiracy theories very much included."1	We can summarize the actual effect of higher government spending (_G) on the primary surplus (_PS) as follows: _PS = -_G*(1-__) where _ is the multiplier and _ is the marginal effect of a one-euro rise in GDP on revenues and/or cyclically linked spending like unemployment benefits.1	"So one way to see the drive for austerity is as an application of a sort of reverse Hippocratic oath: “First, do nothing to mitigate harm”."1	"Yet that can't be right; if it were, we wouldn't have a problem in the first place."1	The idea that this thing might be working inspires a level of anger nothing else (except maybe climate science) matches.1	Bush the other didn't cause that bubble — but all his alleged success involved taking a ride on it.1	"He suggests that it reflects a general distaste for anything that looks like government intervention to support the economy: I think the thinking of the libertarians and freshwater believers is that if there's a recession, then the free market has a good reason for it."1	Are there times when monetary policy — or at least conventional monetary policy — can't do the job?1	I don't see any method at all.1	Neither industrial nor demographic shifts nor a mismatch of skills with job vacancies is behind the increased rates of unemployment.1	"First, Japan: Next, America in the 30s: Notice, in this case, that a Friedman-style focus on a broad monetary aggregate gives the false impression that Fed policy wasn't very expansionary."1	"More broadly, many of the people who either make monetary policy or comment on it from fairly influential perches are members of what you might call the 1970s Cambridge mafia."1	In a sense the debt is an accounting fiction; it's whatever the governments trying to dictate terms to Greece decide to say it is.1	"The rhetoric of fiscal debates has been, for the most part, nonsense."1	Hints of recovery in Ireland (which proved a false dawn)?1	There was so much wrong with Mitt Romney's Trump-is-a-disaster-whom-I-will-support-in-the-general speech that it may seem odd to call him out for bad international macroeconomics.1	"Oh, and we should also add both FDIC costs and Fannie/Freddie losses in Florida."1	"Take, for example, tax policy."1	There's no evidence at all that it did.1	"But finally and most importantly, since when do we believe that central banks can hold interest rates down at will, for extended periods, without consequences?"1	"As I've said, it's hard these days for liberals to look at the state of the Republican primary without feeling a lot of Trumpenfreude."1	"What you see here is that despite crushing unemployment, wages in Ireland and Latvia have come down only slightly — but Iceland, by letting its currency devalue, achieved a quick 30 percent fall in wages relative to the euro zone."1	"As you can see from the chart, Argentina's economy was in free fall over the course of 2001 — before the dollar peg was abandoned — thanks in large part to banking collapse and public panic (sound familiar?)."1	"The usual disclaimers apply to the paper: it represents Gauti's and my views, not those of the NY Fed."1	"I was a student at MIT at the time, and remember Stan assigning papers on long-term contracts, which he viewed as one possible way to think about the sources of nominal price and wage stickiness – which he obviously considered both a clear fact about the world and important."1	"But wait, there's more."1	"Still, let me ignore that, and plug Subramanian's numbers into the equation above; I get a 4.9 percent rise in real incomes due to increased globalization."1	I was especially struck by his data on “mismatch” (which everyone I know calls mishmash): the extent to which there appears to be a misalignment between where the workers are and where the jobs are.1	"The other big problem is the dramatic drop in estimates of potential output, which is clearly correlated with the depth of cyclical slumps — and with austerity policies."1	And Larry White then adds that it was all sterilized because the Fed paid a whopping 0.25 percent interest rate on reserves.1	Which brings me to the point.1	"So, think about macro as David Romer presented it back in 2000 (pdf)."1	More a bit later.1	"In short, there's no puzzle about business investment — and not a hint that we have to invoke some kind of oh-god-Obama's-a-socialist story to explain low spending."1	Martin Feldstein warns us that the Fed isn't taking the risk of rapidly rising inflation seriously enough.1	"If I talk about Dixit-Stiglitz preferences, or for that matter the zero lower bound, technically trained economists immediately know whereof I speak, where plain English would both take longer and leave room for misunderstanding."1	So why was Stan not willing to go with the seemingly triumphant paradigm?1	"Anyway, on to the point."1	"Actually, this would have been silly even if Florida had a well-founded boom — governors don't matter that much."1	So the big drop there isn't entirely about deflation fears.1	"PR replies that Lucas once was like that, but no longer, and asks what happened."1	What's the evidence that Keynesians respond to evidence?1	"National defense, weather satellites, disease control, etc.. And in the 19th century that was arguably what governments mainly did."1	"And at MIT, where Rudi's influence was strong, it meant that even those in domestic macro, like Olivier Blanchard – and Stan Fischer – retained a skeptical attitude toward the neoclassical takeover."1	"He or she may get some interest income from bank deposits, but not much: ordinary Americans have fewer financial assets than the elite can easily imagine.And as for pensions: yes, some people have defined-benefit pension plans that aren't indexed for inflation."1	"If the short-term interest rate is currently zero, changing the current money supply without changing future supplies — and hence raising expected inflation — matters not at all."1	So what should the Fed do?1	"In an idealized world permanent shocks should be fully shared — that is, permanently weak demand in Europe should hurt the United States just as much as it does Europe."1	"There are some conceptual difficulties with using this rise directly in the Eaton-Kortum framework, because much of it has taken the form of trade in intermediate goods, and the framework isn't designed to handle that."1	But the character of housing demand makes the much-feared decline in prices on a nationwide basis unlikely … Hmmm.1	"It's a bit more shocking to see Mike Konczal — one of our most powerful advocates of financial reform, heroic critic of austerity, and a huge resource for progressives — attacked as one of Hillary's minions and an ally of the financial industry."1	And you do in fact see assertions to that effect all the time.1	"So we need a measure that extracts the signal from the noise, getting at the inertial part of the story."1	"They're very much exceptional, applying only when interest rates are up against the zero lower bound."1	"What I would argue is key to this situation — and, in particular, key to understanding how the conventional wisdom on Trump/McCain went so wrong — is the reality that a lot of people are, in effect, members of a delusional cult that is impervious to logic and evidence, and has lost touch with reality."1	"Well, the answer in a simple model is that falling wages and prices can still be expansionary, but only because they reduce current prices relative to expected future prices, and thereby generate expected inflation."1	"He was right then, and I'm right now — and if you find it strains your personal credulity, so what?"1	(Trade actually fell faster during the early stages of the 2008 Great Recession than it did after 1929.)1	"So does this mean that wage stickiness is irrelevant to the situation, that we'd be experiencing the same slump if wages were perfectly flexible?"1	That is indeed part of the story about that Moore op-ed.1	"Well, yes — because these are important debates, and refusing to take sides is a dereliction of responsibility."1	"Yes, private debt will in part have been replaced by public debt – but the point is that debt will have been shifted away from severely balance-sheet-constrained players, so that the economy's problems will have been reduced even if the overall level of debt hasn't fallen."1	"I've written before that “fanatical centrist” is not an oxymoron; in fact, it's a type that makes up a large part of our pundit class — people so wedded to their self-image as centrists standing between the extremes of the two parties that they cannot bring themselves to acknowledge that one party already advocates all that they are calling for."1	But no.1	"Why would a reporter credit the Fed's critics with warnings they didn't give, and fail to mention what they actually said?"1	"But this does bring back memories: during the Social Security debate, Cato tried to expunge all evidence that it had ever used the word “privatization”, when it was easy to show that its project was originally the Project on Social Security Privatization."1	"They warned, in apocalyptic terms, that runaway inflation was just around the corner."1	"Jonathan Chait seems boggled at an op-ed from Stephen Moore, the chief economist at the Heritage Foundation, attacking Obamacare: Not one alleged fact cited in the piece is right."1	"There's an important new paper from the IMF about inflation in the face of Prolonged Large Output Gaps — yes, PLOGs."1	"(I've been pretty focused on the US election, since it is, after all, my country; but still keeping an eye on the other side of the pond)."1	"Well, Greece doesn't have its own currency or monetary policy; capital flight there led to a fall in the money supply, which wouldn't happen here."1	"We had a huge financial crisis, and the combination of a housing bust (on both sides of the Atlantic) and an overhang of household debt (also on both sides) has acted as a drag on private demand."1	He even illustrated the point with a remarkably ugly diagram (scroll down a bit).1	"Rattner dismisses the austerity/stimulus debate as “simplistic”; Jeff Sachs calls Keynesian concerns “crude”; many, many people (I'd guess an especially large fraction of those at Davos) are eager to get away from all this deflation stuff and talk about how what they imagine to be, or wish were, the really important issues like Big Data and a world that's even flatter."1	"Well, step back for a minute and imagine that we weren't talking about Greece but about the U.S. or the UK."1	You should definitely not accept estimates that every dollar of additional trade raises world GDP by 46 cents — an extremely high number — as being definitive.1	"Rhetorical claims aside, Republicans have long tended in practice to be more protectionist than Democrats."1	"So, some points about where things stand: 1."1	Or think of it in terms of the original Wicksellian concept of the natural rate of interest (pdf).1	"But if you feel cynical about economics after reading Fourcade, you may be right."1	Update: Ezra Klein adds a screenshot of the original Harry and Louise ad — they've obviously deliberately copied it.1	"When none of these things happened, when the law's first year of full operation went better than even supporters had expected, the reaction was, I believe, something new in American politics: right-wingers simply acted as if their predictions had come true, as if all the imagined disasters were actual truths on the ground."1	What needed correcting?1	"The bizarreness of the whole thing is how flaky, speculative ideas like expansionary austerity became orthodoxy, while applying the economics of Fisher and Friedman became heterodoxy bordering on Chavismo."1	Why?1	But the important thing now is to change the policies that are creating this nightmare.1	"One is that Figure 1, cited in the paper, isn't, you know, actually there."1	"We could modify this conclusion if the central bank is worried about the inflationary effect of depreciation, so that MP shifts left."1	The patterns observed are consistent with unemployment being caused by cyclic phenomena that are more pronounced during the current recession than in prior recessions.1	"Not this time, however, since housing is deeply depressed and there's a huge overhang of excess capacity."1	Dave Weigel made a great catch the other day: he notes that Paul Ryan has said that his views on monetary policy are based on Francisco d'Anconia's speech in Atlas Shrugged.1	"Or, maybe not."1	"Let me add, for the 1.6 trillionth time, we are in a liquidity trap."1	"When central banks have pushed policy rates as low as they can, and the economy is still depressed, what that tells you is that the economy is awash in excess desired savings that have nowhere to go."1	"If Grexit happens, then what?"1	"It would basically be saying not that the government is borrowing too much, but that the people conveying funds from savers, who want short-term assets, to the government, which borrows long, are undercapitalized."1	"What you're supposed to understand, however, is that the derivation I've just given is just a different way of arriving at the same result."1	"Specifically, we used to cite the “clockwise spirals” one saw in unemployment-inflation space as evidence for something like the Friedman-Phelps theory of the natural rate."1	"First, the image of the little old lady living hand to mouth off the interest on her bank account is basically a fiction."1	"and raise you a … Paul Ryan: Thirty Years Later, a Return to Stagflation."1	Why?1	affinity fraud.1	"The bottom line, then, is that the plausible-sounding argument that debt can't cure debt is just wrong."1	"There's a whole industry of people trying to show that Keynesian predictions about austerity didn't pan out; it's an industry that relies mainly on crude misrepresentations of what those predictions really amount to, and especially on confusions between levels and rates of change."1	You might therefore think that the BIS would step back a bit and reconsider both its policy recommendations and the framework it uses to derive those recommendations.1	"I've taken the NOAA data and divided states into three groups by average temperature: Group I is colder than Rhode Island, Group III warmer than California: Who's in Group III?"1	"The IS market is out of equilibrium when we're in a liquidity trap, but Krugman writes as if it were in equilibrium!"1	"As Weisenthal points out, however, Gross's exaggerated fear of deficits was very widespread; it was, indeed, what all the Very Serious People were obsessing about, even as the real economy was falling apart."1	The Obama campaign sends out an ugly mailer.1	"And a strange thing has happened: although Iceland is generally considered to have experienced the worst financial crisis in history, its punishment has actually been substantially less than that of other nations."1	"But when prices that matter to them — say, interest rates — fall, it's an outrage."1	What would give them an incentive to do this?1	"That's by no means small change, but it's only a fairly small fraction of global growth."1	No news there.1	"Instead, I feel an even deeper sense of despair — because people are still rolling out those same fallacies, even though in the interim those of us who remembered and understood Keynes/Hicks have been right about most things, and those lecturing us have been wrong about everything."1	"Obviously the plunge in oil prices is the big driver, but the ruble has actually fallen more than Brent — oil is down 40 percent since the start of the year, but the ruble is down by half."1	But the Sanders plan in a way reinforces my point that calls for single-payer in America at this point are basically a distraction.1	"So, what's in the plan?"1	We should be neither amazed nor disturbed if it stops happening.1	"So here's what happens after a large negative shock to the economy: the central bank finds itself up against the zero lower bound, so that all it can do is resort to controversial unorthodox measures."1	"When a politician like Scott Walker tries to appeal to the conservative macro brains trust, it's not some version of the Chicago Boys — it's Stephen Moore, Art Laffer, and Larry Kudlow."1	"Finally, compare this with the economic outlook."1	"Taylor has been harshly critical of the Fed, which he claims caused the financial crisis by failing to pursue his policy rule from the early 1990s precisely; Ben Bernanke, now that he's free to speak his mind, has responded by firmly smacking Taylor upside the head."1	Estimates of the Okun's Law coefficient range from 2 to 3.1	"Indeed, it was the other side of the macro divide that was left scrambling for answers."1	"Now, you might argue that IS-MP is a model of the short-term interest rate, and we're talking about long-term rates here."1	And here is where the kind of willful obscurantism Romer is after became the norm.1	"First of all, it's true about the initial transparency."1	Yet the reaction of those who wrongly predicted runaway inflation is to assert that (a) nobody could have predicted (even though some us did) and (b) it's just special circumstances.1	"Olivier, Ben Bernanke, Ken Rogoff, Mario Draghi, and yours truly all overlapped at MIT in the mid-70s; Larry Summers was at Harvard at the same time, taking courses at MIT; just about everyone was Stan Fischer's student."1	Remarkable stuff.1	"That was, if you check the date, six years ago."1	Oh well.1	"So think about it, IFKATs: are you really sure you want to start going down this road?"1	"The first thing you should know is that there are a couple of vintages of the plan, with some changes in detail, but not in general thrust."1	Should progressives fear a Trump nomination or cheer it on?1	Let me count the ways.1	"This was very much a vindication of more or less Keynesian views about the economy, and the 80s were in fact marked by the New Keynesian comeback."1	"Sad news: Jose da Silva Lopes, a Portuguese economist and government official who played a crucial role shepherding his country into the community of democratic Europe, has just died."1	"Of course, Venezuela didn't have nukes."1	"As I tried to explain the other day, the headline Greek debt number is more or less meaningless."1	"Furthermore, at this point there is overwhelming evidence that fiscal policy has strong effects — that the multiplier is well above one."1	"One of those beliefs is that the experience of disinflation in the 1980s was a huge shock to Keynesians, refuting everything they believed."1	Two ugly zeroes.1	But that's not at all the same as saying that it causes recessions.1	"As regular readers may have noticed, Brad and I share many views, so I expected something along lines I have also been thinking."1	"In this case we could, possibly, have a contractionary effect of lost investor confidence – but the channel runs through the inflation fears of the central bank, which doesn't seem to be at all what Rogoff or others are talking about: Furthermore, suppose that we start in a liquidity trap."1	"Now, the measurement issue: we'd like to keep track of this sort of inflation inertia, both on the upside and on the downside — because just as embedded inflation is hard to get rid of, so is embedded deflation (ask the Japanese)."1	How should we think about the bargaining that may or may not now take place between the new Greek government and the troika?1	The question is what you think about this situation.1	"You can see that in the figure above; here's one of Mussa's figures, which highlights it even better because it covers a shorter period of floating rates: You can, if you're desperate, try to explain this away by saying that there was some fundamental structural change in the early 1970s, but at that point you're deep into epicycle territory."1	But none of this is right.1	"The plan limits the rise in unemployment, but things are still pretty bad, with the rate peaking at something like 9 percent and coming down only slowly."1	"Many economists might look at that situation and say, well, deflation is stable, not accelerating, so we must be at the natural rate of unemployment — move along, folks, nothing to see here."1	"Ignoring the foreign component, or looking at the world as a whole, the overall level of debt makes no difference to aggregate net worth – one person's liability is another person's asset."1	"Suppose that he can borrow for a while, using the borrowed money to buy useful things like rail tunnels under the Hudson."1	"Every suggestion of bad news gets highlighted — especially, of course, but not only by Fox, the WSJ, etc.."1	"If expected returns at home and abroad must be equal, and interest rates are zero both at home and abroad, the current exchange rate must equal the expected future exchange rate, which as we've seen is tied down by the requirement that the interest rates consistent with full employment be equalized."1	"The point is that finance is deeply interconnected, so that even a moderately large player can take down the system if it implodes."1	"And even so, its reaction involves very little offset to the initial spending."1	"On one side, they can't admit the moderation of the Democrats, which is why you had the spectacle of demands that Obama change course and support his own policies."1	"Rather, he's the mouthpiece for a global college of central bankers, almost all of whom find themselves under intense pressure from their national governments to keep things ticking over while they try to repair the economy."1	"But Lucas and his school couldn't do that, because they had burned their bridges."1	Financial reform was similarly supposed to be hugely destructive.1	"Paul Romer has been writing a series of posts on the problem he calls “mathiness”, in which economists write down fairly hard-to-understand mathematical models accompanied by verbal claims that don't actually match what's going on in the math."1	Of course not — and standard core measures have been behaving a bit erratically lately.1	Maybe there is some multiplier out there that we could measure well but that's not what that paper does.1	"No, it didn't — protectionism was a result of the Depression, not its cause."1	And Sanders isn't coming clean on that — he's promising Medicaid-like costs while also promising no rationing.1	"So we're all monsters, however nice we may seem in person."1	In this post I consider only the first point.1	"He's even put a ludicrous number on the goal — 4 percent growth, which nobody has any idea how to achieve."1	"But I'll bet he had no idea about the extent to which Friedman really, really wasn't an Austrian."1	"In scenario B, we have 4 percent German inflation and zero Spanish inflation, implying eurozone inflation of 3 percent."1	"So, imagine a eurozone that contains only two countries, Germany and Spain."1	"Exchange rates behave like asset prices, swinging wildly year to year; goods prices move much less, which means that the real exchange rate – the relative price of two currencies, deflated by the ratio of price levels in the two countries, fluctuates wildly too."1	"Except that a couple of years back it was telling a completely different story about why we needed to raise rates; you see, the big danger was of imminent inflation: “Global inflation pressures are rising rapidly as commodity prices soar and as the global recovery runs into capacity constraints,” said the BIS, which acts as a central bank for the world's central banks."1	"Just to remind everyone, Harry and Louise were the center of the vile smear campaign the insurance lobby waged against health care reform in 1993 — and this time a Democratic candidate is doing the smearing for them."1	But it's all about the euro straitjacket.1	Jean-Claude Trichet is sounding hawkish about inflation again — and this is very bad news for the European periphery.1	I'd argue that it's implausible to claim that TPP could add more than a fraction of one percent to the incomes of the nations involved; even the 0.5 percent suggested by Petri et al looks high to me.1	"Unable to backtrack, they went even deeper, insisting despite all appearances that monetary policy had no real effects whatsoever, that it was all technological shocks."1	The thing which is needed to secure healthy conditions is the most speedy and complete adaptation possible of the structure of production to the proportion between the demand for consumers' goods and the demand for producers' goods as determined by voluntary saving and spending.1	"Because we once again have a significant sized domestic oil industry, falling prices now create losers as well as winners within the US."1	You can guess where I stand on this.1	Neil Irwin has a nice piece about high asset prices that actually ties into my Wicksell discussion from earlier today.1	"The thing is, Tett is a smart observer who talks to a lot of people in finance; seeing her present a discredited theory as obviously true, without so much as mentioning the kind of analysis that has been worked all along, says bad things about the extent to which anyone who matters has learned anything."1	"For those of us who worried a lot about Japan in the late 1990s and now find the whole advanced world facing similar problems, deja vu comes so often that we get deja vu about getting deja vu."1	But the broader story here is that we're increasingly seeing that the problems of the euro extend well beyond the troubles of southern European debtors.1	"From today's Times: Besides, no country facing enormous budget deficits, rapid growth in the money supply and the prospect of a sustained currency devaluation as we are has ever experienced deflation."1	Which brings me to the future of the global savings glut.1	"Meanwhile, a quick hit."1	"First, let me clear up a couple of misconceptions."1	"Also, the fascist octopus has sung its swan song."1	(Fairly wonkish stuff after the jump).1	The other view is that business investment is weak because the economy is weak.1	"These concrete proposals would, taken together, actually increase the deficit for the first decade and beyond."1	This also makes it hard to evaluate the reasonableness of the assumed multipliers.1	"Right now the wonk brigade has been weighing in on Bernie Sanders, and is in general not too impressed on either financial reform or health care."1	"Elites, he argues, see economic distress as an opportunity to push through “reforms” — which basically means changes they want, which may or may not actually serve the interest of promoting economic growth — and oppose any policies that might mitigate crisis without the need for these changes: I conjecture that “austerians” are concerned that anti-recessionary macro policy will allow a country to “muddle through” a crisis without improving its institutions."1	"A further thought on this ongoing discussion with Konczal, Baker, and Rowe over whether economies tend to self-correct."1	"But the distinction isn't just one of academic classification: Central banks aren't in the business of just giving money away; what they do is always some kind of asset swap, in which they buy assets or make loans which then become assets."1	"This is really a case of who are you gonna believe, me or your lying eyes."1	"Carmen looks at annual averages, and finds that in 2002 Argentine real GDP per capita was 8.2 percent lower than in 2001."1	"OK, Christina Romer and Jared Bernstein have put out the official (?)"1	Are the BIS's methods unsound?1	"Now, what I wanted to do was apply this to the rapid growth of trade that has taken place since around 1990, what Subramanian calls “hyperglobalization”."1	"“This is just accounting,” declared John Cochrane."1	(No bargaining if the troika basically says no concessions.)1	The “low interest rates = price controls” meme is bang-your-head-on-the-table stupid — but it has been made by none other than John Taylor.1	"In particular, he identifies three blind and/or stupid economists leading everyone astray: Janet Yellen, Larry Summers, and yours truly."1	"The point is that making wages somewhat more flexible, as opposed to perfectly flexible, is not a good thing."1	"And that was a good way to waste a bit of time, wasn't it?"1	I worded the above carefully.1	"Your decision to stay in school or go out and work will shape your lifetime career; your ability to afford medical treatment or food and rent at age 75 has a lot to do with decisions you made when that stage of life was decades ahead, and impossible to imagine."1	That's a big problem.1	You may say that markets will see short-run austerity as a signal of our willingness to make long-run sacrifices; but why?1	"But as it was … Anyway, if you want to know what's lurking behind what I say about our economic mess, now you know."1	"“Government is always the problem, not the solution, except when it comes to monetary policy” just doesn't cut it for modern conservatives."1	"On this economy I impose 5 years of tightening at the rate of 1 percent of potential GDP each year, with a multiplier of 1.3 (which is about where recent estimates have been converging)."1	I've been in several conversations over the past few days with generally reasonable people who are still worried that markets might turn on U.S. bonds any day now.1	What I would urge everyone to do is ask what happens if Greece is in fact pushed out of the euro.1	"The real exchange rate, which measures the relative price of US goods, would not change."1	"This is no more “artificial” than conventional monetary policy – harder, yes, but it's still about trying to get the market rate aligned with the “natural” rate consistent with full employment."1	"I've been writing about this issue a lot in various guises, and have yet to see any coherent explanation of how it's supposed to work."1	"I mentioned recently that the correlation between nominal and real exchange rates is one key piece of evidence that we live in a Keynes-Friedman world of sticky prices, not the classical, perfect flexibility world of real business cycle theorists."1	"A sustained commitment to consolidation, possibly including a speeding up of current plans and their delivery, is required from all governments to ensure that the time afforded by the exceptional measures is used to put public finances on a permanently sounder footing."1	"Also, hitting yourself in the head with a baseball bat is a great idea, because it feels good when you stop."1	"And in the final chase to Appomattox, once the Army of the Potomac finally realized that victory was at hand, Grant showed every bit as much vigor as at Vicksburg."1	"The Romney/liquidationist view only makes sense if you believe that the problem with our economy lies on the supply side – that workers lack the incentive to work, or are stuck with the wrong skills, or something."1	"But some anti-Keynesians have tried to save their dignity, or something, by attacking supposed Keynesian propositions that nobody actually, you know, proposed."1	So how is it possible that distinguished professors believe otherwise?1	"I argued for an Obamacare-like strategy on health care, with perhaps a very gradual transition to single-payer via the public option, in my book The Conscience of a Liberal; and most of the progressive health care experts I can think of adopted pretty much the same position."1	"Meanwhile, I see that Wolfgang Munchau is appropriately horrified by what he hears about the plans for a rescue fund."1	So: I basically think of asset prices in a Tobin-type stock equilibrium framework (pdf).1	"I stand by my claim, however."1	"While people were very seriously intoning that it was simplistic and crude to think that those little models could be of any use in a changing world yada yada, macroeconomists were making remarkable, counterintuitive predictions — about inflation (or the lack thereof), about interest rates, about the effects of austerity — that came true and were, if you think about it, an intellectual triumph."1	"Conservatives made a number of very specific predictions about what would happen when the ACA went into effect: health spending would soar, deficits would balloon, premiums would shoot up, more people would lose insurance than gain it."1	"I was originally set off by the way some economists were propounding Say's Law — the idea, refuted 75 years ago, that all income must be spent and hence that supply creates its own demand — as a profound insight, somehow missed by three generations of economists."1	You need to guilt-trip yourself in the here and now.1	Total final spending on domestically produced goods and services is Total domestic spending + Exports – Imports = GDP Now suppose we have a trade war.1	"Brad DeLong is, rightly, horrified at the great Ricardian equivalence misunderstanding."1	That's supposed to be a bad thing?1	"But even if it were true, this is credibility Japan wants to lose."1	"Then we have the price of X on one axis, the price of Y on the other."1	"The point is that while issues of debt relief are in large part arguments about accounting fiction, the question of how large a primary surplus Greece runs is real and has powerful implications for the economic outlook."1	"Now that I have a few moments, let me elaborate on that."1	I will say that this kind of gratuitous complexification is somewhat characteristic.1	For the slump that follows a deleveraging shock is simultaneously gratuitous and almost impossible to avoid.1	"It's crucial, I'd argue, to realize that what the people invoking Ricardo were saying was wrong even in terms of their own model."1	But there was a generally shared view that perfect flexibility of prices was a bridge too far.1	So how big are the transfers?1	"And while they haven't been as deep as the older type of recession, they've proved hard to end (not officially, but in terms of employment), precisely because housing — which is the main thing that responds to monetary policy — has to rise above normal levels rather than recover from an interest-imposed slump."1	Think about it.1	"After all, Ron Paul has been making the same prediction year after year — in fact, he's been making this prediction at least since 1981!"1	And in the US it wasn't even treated as an interstate political issue.1	"But fracking (which I really wish WordPress would stop correcting to “tracking”) means that some of the producers are very different; and among other things, they're engaged in a lot of investment spending."1	"Corporate bond rates are low; stock prices are high; all across the board, assets are up."1	Here's the result: I have my doubts about the apparent decline in recent months.1	But Jeb!1	"For the world as a whole, the cuts in exports and imports will by definition be equal, so as far as world demand is concerned, trade wars are a wash. OK, I'm sure some people will start shouting “Krugman says protectionism does no harm.” But no: protectionism in general should reduce efficiency, and hence the economy's potential output."1	So why is a fiscal response any better?1	"Recent events have been one empirical debacle after another for that view of the world – on interest rates, on inflation, on the effects of fiscal contraction."1	"It's probably bad politics to talk right now about what a trade war would do to, say, Bangladesh."1	And so it must die.1	Cohan's theory of interest rates is basically the old notion of loanable funds: the interest rate is determined by the supply of and demand for credit.1	"The core of what went wrong in 2008 was the rise of shadow banking; too big to fail was at best marginal, and as Mike Konczal notes, pushing the big banks out of shadow banking, on its own, could make the problem worse by causing the risky stuff to “migrate elsewhere, often to places where there is less regulatory infrastructure.” On health care: leave on one side the virtual impossibility of achieving single-payer."1	"But it's pretty clear to me at least that the problem in Virginia was basically the Army of the Potomac, or more specifically many of its officers, who were spooked by Lee and repeatedly failed to carry through even when they had clear advantages."1	"I once talked to a theorist (not RBC, micro) who said that his criterion for serious economics was stuff that you can't explain to your mother."1	"Lazear goes through the data, and finds overwhelming evidence of inadequate demand, little if any evidence of structural problems."1	But surely we're also seeing the ideological bias of many in the news media.1	I think so.1	"One particular misuse of the yay-free-trade sentiment is the persistent effort to make protectionism a cause of economic slumps, and trade liberalization a route to recovery."1	"That's because it's a model of several interacting markets, and you can enter from multiple directions, any one of which is a valid starting point."1	And that's what seems to have happened to macroeconomics in much of the economics profession.1	That's actually the point of one of the ways multiplier analysis is often presented to freshmen.1	"Here's what Obama actually said: Too much regulation or too much spending can stifle innovation, can hamper confidence and growth, and hurt business and families."1	"The result was a very nasty slump, and a delayed recovery."1	For the fact is that it's much harder than most people seem to imagine to tell a Greece-type story about a country with its own currency and a floating exchange rate.1	Yet the data say otherwise.1	"Bear in mind that paper money has been in widespread use for a long, long time."1	"These days, relatively few economists are willing to say straight out that they regard persistent high unemployment as a good thing."1	"The answer, broadly speaking, is surely that government should do those things it does better than the private sector."1	"In a way, I'm amazed by economists who find this sort of thing absurd on its face."1	What would it mean to relax that target?1	"OK, maybe skip the bowels part."1	But do they really want to do that?1	"In part, this notion comes from the fact that trade has grown faster than output since 1950."1	That sounds about right.1	Rudi asked what would happen if a central bank for some reason suddenly and permanently increased the money supply.1	So this looks like an estimate from the Obama team itself saying — as best as I can figure it out — that the plan would close only around a third of the output gap over the next two years.1	"It also means a determination to see various Republicans as Serious, Honest Conservatives — SHCs?"1	"This can be represented as a decline in capital inflows at any given interest rate, so that the currency depreciates."1	Indeed.1	"So someone has to be bridging the gap between the short-term assets the public wants to hold and the long-term debt the government wants to issue; call it a carry trade if you like, but it's a normal and necessary thing."1	"Just a brief note: one thing that keeps appearing in comments is the notion that because we had a bubble, in which some people were borrowing too much, the economic growth of 2000-2007 wasn't “real” — that it was all a figment of our imagination."1	This is true both when the zero lower bound applies and when it doesn't.1	"And just to be clear, I'm basically doing textbook macroeconomics here, nothing exotic."1	"Needless to say, a gold standard would have meant much tighter, not looser, monetary policy since 2008."1	"This is an equilibrating system — I'm not sure if it's exactly self-equilibrating, because part of the mechanism runs through the mind of the central bank."1	"Throughout the annual report, balance-sheet problems are treated as if they were equivalent to the kind of real structural problems the bank used to claim were at the root of our troubles."1	"It has, after all, run large current surpluses over time; overall, it's a creditor, not a debtor nation."1	But that's their problem.1	"Instead they went even further down the equilibrium rabbit hole, notably with real business cycle theory."1	"It's her first day on the job and somebody says, you've got to come up with a solution to this — in defense of this fiscal stimulus, which no one told her what it was going to be, and have it by Monday morning."1	"It's an uncertain world, but why do those in office come down on one side of that uncertainty, while those outside come down on the other?"1	So not-George Bush is running.1	"Such estimates currently indicate that the dollar will be a moderate-sized drag on US recovery, but no more."1	(Trade actually fell faster during the early stages of the 2008 Great Recession than it did after 1929.)1	"Consider, in particular, the case of Japan's quantitative easing in the early 2000s: Unlike the Fed, the Bank of Japan didn't pay interest on reserves."1	Exchange rate overshooting is an essential part of the story.1	"Picture America in, oh, 2014: unemployment is still around 9 percent, prices are falling about 1 percent a year."1	On finance: Sanders has made restoring Glass-Steagal and breaking up the big banks the be-all and end-all of his program.1	"The point is that I know technocrats, and these people aren't — they're faith healers who are making stuff up to suit their prejudices."1	The implications are shocking: austerity looks like even more of a catastrophe than the conventional analysis indicates.1	"After all, the great bulk of the debt is now officially held, the interest rate bears little relationship to market prices, and the interest payments come in part out of funds lent by the creditors."1	And so it turned out.1	"So this was equivalent to giving — not lending, not even taking an equity stake — Spain 25 percent of its GDP to bail out its banks."1	"Judging by later academic reputations, they got quite a group!"1	So let me try this one more time.1	"You know what I'm talking about, of course — that feeling of glee mixed with fear as one watches the cynical race-baiting of the Republican establishment finally come home to roost, confirming that you were right to be shrill (and the centrists were naive), but with the slight admixture of panic because one of these guys might actually become president."1	"Here's a chart (from data here) showing the change in asset income of seniors from all sources (I couldn't break out interest) from 2006 to 2010, as interest rates fell through the floor, averaged by quintile: It's not as smooth as I expected, but it's clear that the decline was much bigger among the better-off; to the extent that Fed policy was reducing returns, it was reducing inequality among seniors."1	"Romer and Romer clearly have done an impressively systematic job of identifying financial distress in an objective way; but I wonder, very tentatively, if they're looking at the wrong variable."1	"In short, what Europe usually means by a “technocrat” is a Very Serious Person, someone distinguished by his faith in received orthodoxy no matter the evidence."1	"Anyway, for the record (and for my own future reference) I thought it would be helpful to post what Milton Friedman and Irving Fisher had to say about the Greek disaster."1	So let me talk about where Hicksian analysis comes from.1	It's hard to think of a doctrine that has been as thoroughly refuted by events as goldbug economics.1	"Here's the picture, with that piece of information added in: What we see is that Italy is somewhat out of line — but the real standout is Germany, which has had much too little wage growth."1	"So, just for the record, here's the little wonkish paper (pdf) I wrote back in 1998 — the one that alerted me to the danger of falling into a liquidity trap, so that I was intellectually prepared for the mess we're in."1	"Because they're politically conservative, hot states tend to have low minimum wages and low taxes on rich people."1	"Actually, on policy she has generally been pretty good (Iraq aside, but that was a special and awful time)."1	"In that case the dollar rises sharply, effectively sharing the rise in US demand more or less evenly around the world."1	"), more competitive U.S. manufacturing, and balanced trade."1	"But there's something else, which I keep encountering, and which I'm sure I'm not the only one to notice: even among progressives, the two-decade-plus smear campaign against the Clintons has had its effect."1	There's no reason to expect any stimulation.1	"Everywhere you looked, people who imagined themselves sophisticated and possessed of deep understanding were resurrecting 75-year-old fallacies and presenting them as deep insights."1	"Matt O'Brien has a lot of fun with Paul Singer, a billionaire inflation truther who is sure that the books are cooked because of what he can see with his own eyes: … check out London, Manhattan, Aspen and East Hampton real estate prices, as well as high-end art prices, to see what the leading edge of hyperinflation could look like Hyperinflation in the Hamptons; hard to beat that for comedy, although Matt adds value with the Billionaires Price Index."1	Debt is not a problem; borrowing costs are very low.1	"Democrats constitute a normal political party, with some spread between its left and right wings, but in general espousing moderate positions."1	"Well, it could be true; there's plenty of stupidity in the world, and much of it imagines itself wise."1	"Among the Cambridge mafia, and in general among policy-oriented, more or less Keynesian types, there's a surprisingly sharp divide over near-term US monetary policy."1	"When young I would have relatives asking whether I was “in” with the department head or the senior faculty in my department, whether I was cultivating relationships, whatever; I thought it was funny, because all that mattered was your reputation, which was national if not global."1	"But more important, at this point, is the fact that this position turns out to be politically unsustainable."1	And is a modest VAT really so much more implausible than ending the mortgage interest deduction?1	"To make the same adjustment happen, every single contract in the country needs to be piecemeal renegotiated."1	"You would think, given how many warnings have been issued about this possibility, that someone would have written down a simple model of the mechanics, but I have yet to see anything of the sort."1	"David Romer calls this the IS-MP model, and it looks something like this at a given point of time: Here the MP curve represents the central bank's response function for a given rate of inflation, with rates rising if output goes up a la Taylor."1	"Even in normal times, this approach, Mickey Mouse as it looks, offers a big step up in sophistication from a lot of what you hear – including what you hear from economists who are all teched up but have no idea how to apply their equations to anything real."1	"More important, when did he say it?"1	"However, up through about 1970 that only represented a return to levels of trade relative to output that prevailed before World War I: On the other hand, one does see that business cycle fluctuations produce large fluctuations in trade, much bigger in percentage terms than the moves in GDP, which you might take — which Davies does take — as an indication that the “income elasticity” of trade, the percentage rise for every percent rise in GDP, is much bigger than one."1	But the low natural rate is as solid a result as anything in real time can be.1	"Why, exactly?"1	Think about the history shown in the chart above.1	"People who don't use models end up relying on slogans that are much more simplistic than the models — debt bad, inflation bad, savings good, all of which are just wrong some of the time."1	"Well, it turns out that Putin managed to get himself into a confrontation with the West over Ukraine just as the bottom dropped out of his country's main export, so that a financing shock was added to the terms of trade shock."1	"Here are changes in the US-German nominal and real exchange rate (computed using consumer prices, and with Deutsche marks before 2000, euros thereafter) since 1951: Now, a classical economist could (and some did) try to explain away this observation by arguing that what's going on here is that there are real shocks, and that monetary policy was used to stabilize each country's price level."1	"We're talking about trivial sums — I'm not sure if Treasury has already promised to hold the Fed financially harmless, but if not it could easily be arranged."1	"I know that many people find this line of argument, in which a loss of investor confidence is if anything expansionary, deeply counterintuitive."1	"The reality is that spending on “income security” — which includes virtually everything except Medicaid that you could construe as aid to people with low incomes — has basically been flat for decades, with a temporary (and appropriate) spurt due to unemployment benefits and food stamps during the Great Recession: If you don't believe this, think about it: where are these big anti-poverty programs?"1	In some posts I have expressed skepticism about how effective the Fed can be; in others I have called on the Fed to do more.1	"Anyway, I do get kind of annoyed here."1	"Instead, what we've gotten is a doubling down."1	The answer I'd give is that models are an enormously important tool for clarifying your thought.1	"For those who were joyful and uplifted on inauguration day 2009, the years that followed have been a vast letdown: American politics got even uglier, policy progress always fell short of dreams."1	"This remark was followed, by the way, by a smear against Christy Romer: Christina Romer — here's what I think happened."1	This divergence of views led to a long rift between macroeconomics and much of mainstream international finance … There are more than a few of us in my generation of international economists who still bear the scars of not being able to publish sticky-price papers during the years of new neoclassical repression.1	"Payroll tax cuts, which make up about half the Obama proposal, are pretty good, with a multiplier of 1.29; business tax cuts, which make up the rest, are much less effective."1	"Sorry, but no winners here, just big losers."1	"If you have a different model, fine; but if all you have to counter my model is a set of prejudices, you don't have an argument."1	"Was that because the US, with its weak unions and competitive labor markets, had more wage and price flexibility than other nations?"1	"In other words, past growth wasn't an illusion, or a fraud; but we need policies to sustain aggregate demand."1	"It's a “real” business cycle phenomenon, and the best thing to do is let the free market have its recession or depression for as long as the free market wants (and we had some doozys before Keynes, and often)."1	"And this raises the specter what I think of as the price stability trap: suppose that it's early 2012, the US unemployment rate is around 10 percent, and core inflation is running at 0.3 percent."1	I'm not going to get into that fight.1	"Brad DeLong has posted a draft statement on fiscal policy for the IMF conference on “rethinking macroeconomics” — and I'm shocked, in a good way."1	But you don't have to go back to 2010.1	"But you go to economic debates with the profession you have, not the profession you want."1	"Indeed, it's where I started."1	"There is, once again, no specification of how this is to be accomplished; bear in mind that this number includes defense, which is currently around 4 percent of GDP."1	"Think about Heritage: It's immensely wealthy, and could surely afford to hire a technically competent right-wing hack."1	But why should we believe that conclusion?1	"The Fed sets interest rates, whether it wants to or not — even a supposed hands-off policy has to involve choosing the level of the monetary base somehow, which means that it's a monetary policy choice."1	"But one downside of The Donald's turn in the spotlight is that the policy positions of the tonsorially conventional candidates are going largely unscrutinized, which is bad."1	I guess we'll see.1	Is this a plan?1	It's just different presentations of the same model.1	"Time was when Keynesians were highly skeptical about the effectiveness of monetary policy under any circumstances; evidence, including but not only Friedman and Schwartz, persuaded the school otherwise."1	"Yet when the BIS — which was, once again, dead wrong on inflation — does the same thing, it's taken very seriously."1	"I occasionally mention here that recognizing the reality of wage stickiness is a key part of demand-side economics, but I've also argued a number of times that cutting wages now would probably make the slump worse, not better."1	"The result was that MIT macroeconomics was teched up — everyone learned how to write down and solve rational expectations models, everyone learned how to emulate Lucas disciples — but didn't unlearn Keynesian insights."1	"Right now, China's dollar holdings don't give it any leverage over the United States."1	The path from Friedman and Schwartz to goldbuggism took several decades.1	"It can and should try to push unconventional policies, but it needs as much help as possible from fiscal policy too — not a situation in which austerity in the periphery is reinforced by austerity in the core, too."1	What strikes me on reading accounts of how this played out are two things.1	Total final spending on domestically produced goods and services is Total domestic spending + Exports – Imports = GDP Now suppose we have a trade war.1	"China clearly has a weakening economy, whatever the official numbers may say, and would like to use monetary stimulus."1	"If you kept turning out clever papers and giving great seminars — I used to pride myself on turning out the best paper in the field each year (not a bit arrogant, not me) and giving the best seminars in the profession — you'd get a tenure offer somewhere good really soon, and your home school would almost surely match."1	"Actually, I was glad to see Larry Summers weigh in on the same subject in yesterday's FT. Reading that piece, you may wonder what just happened – did Larry come out for the deal or against it?"1	"I'd say that this was attacking a straw man, but that would be an insult to straw men."1	"They took it as an observed fact that fluctuations in nominal demand were associated with fluctuations in real output, as opposed to merely affecting the price level, which shouldn't happen if prices were flexible."1	"It might do that, or fiscal policy might be forced into action, if the economy really were suffering from accelerating deflation; but instead all you see is low inflation, which might even lead some central bankers to declare that they were doing their job just fine."1	"Well, even smart, flexible people can fall prey to incestuous amplification."1	"So I can just add percentage changes, without having to worry about compounding.)"1	And the divide seems to depend on one thing: whether the economist in question is currently in a policy position.1	Keep your eyes on that ball.1	"What many macroeconomists don't realize, I believe, is that Hicks on Keynes actually grows directly from Hicks's own work on microeconomics — not mainly macroeconomics — embodied in his book Value and Capital."1	"Right now the core euro countries believe that the rest of the euro area can handle it, which might be true."1	"On a quarterly basis, GDP was rising by mid-2002, and the economy was growing rapidly by 2003."1	"Even among those who don't believe in the phony scandals, there is, as there was in 2008, a desire for someone new, who they imagine won't bring out all that ugliness."1	"In normal times, we invoke the convenience of money — its extra liquidity — to explain why people hold money at zero or at any rate low interest rates when there are other safe assets offering higher yields."1	"Put it this way: for all the talk about being honest and upfront, even Sanders ended up delivering mostly smoke and mirrors — or as Ezra Klein says, puppies and rainbows."1	"The false belief is that government deficits necessarily “crowd out” investment, so that reducing deficits should free up funds that lead to higher investment."1	And now all of that is under siege.1	"So what determines the level of GDP, and hence also ties down the interest rate?"1	"As the report notes, weak business investment has been a major reason for global economic weakness."1	This raises real concerns about whether the incoming administration is lowballing its plans in an attempt to get bipartisan consensus.1	"Certainly nobody can accuse him of that failing: he's been warning about looming inflation for four years, eleven months,and two weeks, and hasn't let the fact that inflation has kept falling below target alter his concerns in the slightest."1	"What that means is that while the Fed should be doing more, so should other actors: unconventional monetary policy should go along with fiscal stimulus."1	"More important, stagflation led to a major rethinking of macroeconomics, all across the board; even staunch Keynesians conceded that Friedman/Phelps had been right (indeed, they may have conceded too much), and the vertical long-run Phillips curve became part of every textbook."1	"That, however –as Irving Fisher could have told them!"1	"The chart shows a scatterplot of Greece's output gap (as estimated by the IMF — a dubious measure, but stay with it) versus the rate of change of the GDP deflator."1	"Each of the slumps — 1969-70, 1973-75, and the double-dip slump from 1979 to 1982 — were caused, basically, by high interest rates imposed by the Fed to control inflation."1	"Today in my Civil War obsession: some readers may recall that I'm a big U.S. Grant admirer; the scene at Appomattox, where the dashing cavalier Lee surrendered to the stumpy, grimy Grant, marks the coming of the modern era."1	"All this is familiar stuff to economists, or should be."1	What's wrong with that argument?1	Unclear.1	And there's a fair bit of empirical evidence to that effect.1	"He's looking at me funny!” hypothesis – the claim that President Obama, by occasionally suggesting that some businessmen have behaved badly, has hurt their feelings and perpetuated the slump."1	"The Maddison database gives us a 45 percent rise in global GDP per capita over the same period, so this calculation suggests that rising trade was responsible for around 10 percent of overall global growth."1	"After all, to a first approximation debt is money we owe to ourselves – yes, the US has debt to China etc., but that's not at the heart of the problem."1	I'm a big advocate of much strengthened financial regulation.1	China's decision to devalue the renminbi had some economic logic behind it.1	So it's time to start focusing on downward rigidity and what it implies.1	"In the figure, I use orange to represent Trump (I tried to replicate the spray tan, but this was as close as I could get), and red to represent non-Trump."1	"It might mean rates below the Wicksellian natural rate, which is the rate that produces stable inflation — but with inflation consistently below the Fed's target, this criterion would if anything say that rates are artificially high, propped up by the zero lower bound."1	"Still, what about the possibility of a squeeze, in which rising rates for whatever reason produce a vicious circle of collapsing balance sheets among the carry traders, higher rates, and so on?"1	"Hence the growing preference among many economists for measures like medians and trimmed means, which exclude prices that move by a lot in any given month, presumably therefore isolating the prices that move sluggishly, which is what we want."1	"In the long run, just about all economists agreed that this would lead to an equal proportional rise in the price level and depreciation of the currency."1	And that insight has stood the test of time.1	Until recently even Republicans were OK with this.1	I've been on this case for a while.1	"Why, exactly, would the Fed funds rate rise sharply?"1	But he certainly has the principle right.1	But it's not something most Americans want to hear about; foreign single-payer systems are actually more like Medicaid than they are like Medicare.1	But that's still the main point — and now it's been expounded on TV!1	That passage has been held up by many people as an example of the wrong-headedness that prevailed at the time.1	Actual premium numbers come in and they're surprisingly low — not mentioned.1	"Why do we need such a concept, and how should it be measured?"1	"The GOP, on the other hand, is a deeply radical faction; even its supposed moderates are moderate only in tone, not in policy positions, and its base is motivated by anger against Others."1	"Originally these were often notes from private banks, like the $10 (“dix”) note from the Citizen's Bank of Louisiana that may have given rise to the term “Dixie” for the south."1	"See the comments section of the linked piece for variations on the “notably rare exceptions” trope; e.g., “With notably rare exceptions, Newt Gingrich is a loyal and faithful husband.” No, what really distinguishes Greenspan here are two things."1	"What it actually does, of course, is buy stuff, usually short-term government debt but nowadays sometimes other stuff."1	Most discussion is framed in terms of what happens to the debt.1	"Richard Serlin, in comments at Mark Thoma's place, makes a very good point about the efforts of Rajan and others to come up with a reason to raise interest rates even in the face of high unemployment and incipient deflation."1	And the instrument it uses is fiscal consolidation.1	"Since the mid 1980s, however, we've had the “Great Moderation,” with inflation quiescent."1	But what worked in the 70s and 80s doesn't look so good for recent experience: Why didn't the sustained high unemployment after 2008 push us into deflation?1	"That sounded odd, since Obama is not, in fact, given to random business-bashing."1	"Fair enough – this blogosphere conversation has been an exchange among insiders, and probably a bit baffling to normal human beings (which is why I have been labeling my posts “wonkish”)."1	"Their basic point is that successful economists tend to be intellectually arrogant because they live in a social setup that is very hierarchical, with steep gradients of prestige, widespread agreement about what constitutes good work and who is doing it, and pretty big rewards by professorial standards for climbing to the top of the heap."1	"Instead, they went for a small move that was sufficient to destabilize expectations while producing trivial benefits."1	A relatively encouraging month on the jobs front?1	"If you don't get that, you don't appreciate the depths to which all too many economists sank."1	"In the beginning, Lucas and disciples had a very clear statement of both the problem and their solution."1	It has historically been the weapon of powerless people aimed at the powerful.1	"One is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes, leading to an emotionally stunted, socially crippled adulthood, unable to deal with the real world."1	"OK, you can stop laughing now."1	"People believed Madoff because he was their kind of guy, never mind the implausibility of his claims; they believe Ron Paul for the same reason."1	Aha.1	"Certainly, there was a long period in which the assumption of sticky prices was a recipe for instant rejection at many leading journals."1	"So Fed policy, by moving interest rates, normally exerts its effect mainly through housing."1	Note also that nominal GDP never moved at all despite the huge amount of money “printed”.1	"That's not just what I say, by the way: the FT reports that the Fed's own economists estimate the desired Fed funds rate at -5 percent."1	"It was a lovely, intellectually interesting and exciting approach."1	Which brings me to the latest fight.1	But no — it's a complete puzzle.1	All these predictions have been borne out.1	Haven't the academic economists been squabbling nonstop?1	This is pretty funny if you remember anything about the 2012 campaign.1	"But they don't say any of that — they exploited the temporary bulge to make a false claim, and have gone mum since."1	"In each case housing tanked, then bounced back when interest rates were allowed to fall again."1	"Yes, trade fell a lot between 1929 and 1933, but that was almost entirely a consequence of the Depression, not a cause."1	"is basically promising that as president, he can generate Florida-style bubbles, which bring disaster when they burst, to the rest of America!"1	So why this divide?1	"As so often in recent years, the best hope for an answer comes from turning to history; even though exits from a currency union are rare, we do have cases that seem to offer reasonable parallels, notably Argentina's abandonment of the convertibility law — basically a supposedly permanent one-peso-one-dollar rule — at the beginning of 2002."1	"This manipulation, he says, is “robbing Americans of billions of dollars of capital and millions of jobs.”"1	On the first three I think I was completely right.1	"Unusually, Olivier and I do have a significant disagreement right now, over US monetary policy (this isn't insider info — he told the conference about it later that day)."1	"After all, doesn't everyone know that protectionism causes recessions?"1	Was this bad diplomacy on the part of Tsipras/Varoufakis?1	"You may think you're being wise and judicious, but you're actually engaged in an act of evasion."1	"Here, for example, is a comparison of the US and France: Second, if Fed purchases of bonds are crucial to keeping rates down, we should see spikes in rates when those purchases stop."1	"The BIS basically claimed that mass unemployment was the result of structural mismatch — workers had the wrong skills, and/or were in the wrong sectors."1	It's not a gift.1	"The news from Spain, with vast protests and talk of secession, suggests that this moment may be approaching fast."1	The question of whether inadequate policy should be viewed as tightening may seem like a fun word game.1	All of this was predicted in advance by those of us who understood and appreciated Hicksian analysis.1	What use is this framework?1	"Again, wanna bet on it?"1	"This helps avoid pressure to pursue procyclical policies that make the economy unstable, and also gives a better idea of the long-run sustainability of the position."1	And it's not as if Moore and Laffer are guys who may lack academic cred but have proved themselves as working analysts.1	"That hasn't materialized (and for that matter, even Japan never had more than very gradual deflation)."1	"They make some funny assumptions about distributions — hey, that's kind of the price of entry for this kind of work — and in return get a tractable model that yields gravity-type equations for international trade flows."1	"If the government borrows a dollar from you, that is a dollar that you do not spend, or that you do not lend to a company to spend on new investment."1	But the story line has persisted nonetheless.1	The falseness of that belief was most spectacularly demonstrated by the debacle in Iraq.1	"But the Sams are balance-sheet constrained, while the Janets aren't, so this is a net positive for aggregate demand."1	"Actually, no."1	What can be done?1	"that is, it's intervening to prop the yuan up, not hold it down."1	"I've combined them with BLS data to produce price-rent ratios, normalized so that January 2000=100: And here's a trip down memory lane: “A national severe price distortion seems most unlikely in the United States” — Alan Greenspan, October 2004."1	But these aren't contradictory positions.1	"Unemployment is falling, and is now very close to previous estimates of the NAIRU, the unemployment rate at which inflation begins accelerating."1	Weisenthal also points out that I called this in real time.1	"When we look at our budgets, we normally focus not on the headline budget balance but on the cyclically adjusted balance — an estimate of what it would be at more or less full employment."1	"Partly that they're low by historical standards — but there are enough changes in the landscape, from deleveraging to demography, that this isn't a convincing argument."1	"(Britain imposed a lot of austerity from 2010 to 2012, but it grew in 2013."1	But the question Beckworth should be asking himself is why almost nobody on the right is willing to think clearly about this issue.1	These factors are harbingers of inflation.1	"If the proportion as determined by the voluntary decisions of individuals is distorted by the creation of artificial demand, it must mean that part of the available resources is again led into a wrong direction and a definite and lasting adjustment is again postponed."1	"I probably won't ever want to buy one — but I am a wearable tracker guy these days, and am skeptical about the skepticism."1	"When I read opinion pieces by insiders, I often find the ostensible argument less interesting than what is taken for granted."1	Let me offer a stylized example to explain why.1	So that's my plan.1	What is going on in Cowen's head?1	"I mean, who needs the Fed when everyone knows it caused the Great Depression."1	"The Republicans wanted to portray Hillary Clinton as a super-villain, and ended up making her look like a superhero."1	The bottom line here is that there's plenty of real stupidity in the world; we don't need to add to the cloud of confusion with a critique of imaginary stupidity.1	"Instead he lashed out at “unscrupulous and underhanded businesses, who are unencumbered by any restriction on activities that might harm the environment, take advantage of middle-class families, or, as we've seen, threaten to bring down the entire financial system.” This kind of gratuitous and overstated demonisation – widely seen in the business community as a resort to economic populism on the part of Mr Obama to shore up the growing weakness in his political standing – is exactly the wrong approach."1	"John Galt, it turns out, wants price supports."1	A followup to my post about modern Chicago economists forgetting what Milton Friedman knew: recent events have actually given us a dramatic demonstration of the reality of nominal wage stickiness.1	"As I've written before someplace, it's the story of a farmer who stays inside when it's raining and puts in extra hours when the sun is shining."1	There are actually multiple revelations in that article.1	"And under depression conditions, where you're in a liquidity trap, the interest rate is entirely determined by liquidity preference, because the interest rate is zero and can go no lower."1	"There are some popular stories — downward nominal wage rigidity that makes the long-run Phillips curve non-vertical at low inflation rates, “anchored” inflation expectations — and I cite those stories myself."1	"I mention this not to claim membership of an exclusive club, but by way of noting that most of this group shares fairly similar views about how policy works."1	"It would not mean demanding that creditors throw good money after bad; everyone has already implicitly acknowledged that the debt will never be fully paid at market rates, but Greece is making a transfer to its creditors by running a primary surplus, and we're just arguing now about how big that transfer will be."1	Inflation has stayed very subdued; but coming in to the crisis I certainly thought that actual Japanese-style deflation was a real possibility.1	"Oh, and Tett ends the piece by citing the Bank for International Settlements as a voice of wisdom."1	61	"We're much further from potential output than in 2002, yet the share of investment in GDP is only slightly lower."1	"What I find most interesting about Bernanke's first blog post — which is, as I said, clear and completely correct — is that he chose that topic."1	"Yes, trade fell a lot between 1929 and 1933, but that was almost entirely a consequence of the Depression, not a cause."1	"That is, charlatans and cranks can, all too easily, end up claiming credit for economic and demographic trends that are actually the result of air conditioning."1	How could anyone who thought about this for even a minute — let alone someone with an economics training — get this wrong?1	"As you can see, 2014 was a year of modest growth for all of the countries; it was also a year in which fiscal consolidation was effectively put on hold."1	But this equalization of real rates didn't occur through an equalization of Wicksellian natural rates.1	"Democracy seemed shaky, although the truth was that the Maoist posters everywhere were deceptive; the democratic left had won pretty decisively by the time we arrived (although the TV was still showing East German programs about tractors, even as the film theaters caught up on a decade of Western porn)."1	Yet even then major banks were too big to fail.1	"I've spent most of today both under pressure to get an assignment out the door and under the weather; still sniffling, but the piece has been emailed off, so a bit of time for the blog."1	"But houses last a long time and don't become obsolete (the same is true to some extent for business structures, but in a more limited form)."1	"Part of this is the growth rate fallacy — no matter how badly an economy has done over an extended period, you proclaim success after a year or two of good growth."1	"OK, I should have seen that one coming, but didn't: the banking industry has responded to the Fed's decision not to hike rates with a primal cry of rage."1	This does say that there is little risk of accelerating inflation.1	"essay by Michal Kalecki, who suggested that business interests hate Keynesian economics because they fear that it might work — and in so doing mean that politicians would no longer have to abase themselves before businessmen in the name of preserving confidence."1	Why build new structures and buy new machines when you're not using the ones you already have?1	"In the exchange Brad highlights, Marvin Goodfriend says, how could you expect anyone to predict that reserves would just pile up and not be lent out — nothing like that had happened since the 1930s."1	"Fatas and Summers have made a splash recently making this point, but Larry Ball has been on the case for a while — and I made the link to austerity."1	OK: the roots of the euro crisis lie not in government profligacy but in huge capital flows from the core (mainly Germany) to the periphery during the good years.1	"He pointed out that central banks have always had a wider mandate than simply guaranteeing price stability; they've always served as lenders of last resort, including having a standby capacity to finance the government in times of need."1	"So, in the summer of 1976 they got five MIT grad students: Miguel Beleza (a Portuguese national who would later serve both as governor of the central bank and finance minister), Andy Abel, Jeff Frankel, Ray Hill (who went off into the private sector), and me."1	"So, the Chinese Ponzi bicycle is running into a brick wall."1	"People like these are almost always scornful when, say, blue-collar workers complain about declining real wages — hey, it's just supply and demand, deal with it."1	"The true social cost of these things will be very low, because he'll be putting resources that would otherwise be unemployed to work."1	"China is claiming that it's not devaluing the renminbi to gain competitive advantage, it's adding flexibility to prepare for the yuan as an international reserve currency, becoming part of the basket in the IMF's SDRs and all that."1	Indeed we do.1	There are indications that Shinzo Abe may indeed do the right thing and postpone the planned rise in Japan's consumption tax.1	"Instead, they laid out the implications of revenue and spending paths that were just assumed per Ryan's instructions — without expressing any view about whether these paths were plausible."1	"If you are claiming that the Fed has created artificially easy credit, you have to explain how it can do that year after year without producing inflation or an overheating economy."1	"Because as with many “trade” deals in recent years, the intellectual property aspects are more important than the trade aspects."1	"I suspect that the incompetence is actually desirable at some level — a smart hack might turn honest, or something, But it's remarkable."1	On to Vicksburg!1	"There is strong evidence that real exchange rates are mean-reverting (pdf), and you should take that into account too."1	This is an uncomfortable truth to acknowledge.1	"In 1990 the country could and did devalue, achieving a rapid gain in competitiveness."1	But how low?1	"“If they care at all about their children or grandchildren, and sometimes I doubt that – I think, you know, grandchildren now don't write a thank-you for the Christmas presents, they're walking on their pants with the cap on backwards listening to the enema man and Snoopy Snoopy Poop Dogg, and they don't like them!” I think the “enema man” is Eminem; put that together with the dog, and you have to wonder what Freud would say."1	"Not only that, but he's a full-on conspiracy theorist, declaring that Janet Yellen, the Fed's chairperson, is keeping interest rates down as a favor to President Obama, who “wants to be out playing golf a year from now.”"1	The IMF comes down strongly for the second view.1	"[In what follows, I make comparable debt estimates for W by using projected revenue over the first decade relative to actual GDP; and I use the Center's analysis of what would have happened if the W cuts had been allowed to expire for distributional impacts.]"1	"As best I can tell, around 60 percent of the losses were in Texas (pdf)."1	Think about the arithmetic (which has a well-known liberal bias).1	"If people don't perceive the expansion as representing a change in policy that will persist even after the economy has recovered, even big changes in the monetary base have hardly any effect."1	"Remember, the main reason austerity has been so harsh is that cutting spending leads to economic contraction, which leads to lower revenues, which forces further cuts to hit the budget target."1	No.1	"The op-ed contains the usual — false claims that Fannie and Freddie caused the financial crisis, false claims that fear of government policy — as opposed to weak demand — is holding back investment and hiring."1	"There was modest de facto aid to Greece in 2010-2012, but no aid is currently flowing, nor will it."1	"Part of the background to the sack of Athens is the widespread belief among Europe's austerians that, despite everything that has happened, they are in the process of being vindicated."1	"It's crunch time, and right now everyone involved needs to engage in quiet, cool deliberation."1	"Bit by bit we're getting information on the Obama stimulus plan, enough to start making back-of-the-envelope estimates of impact."1	"This, in turn, meant that the best and brightest students in international macro didn't throw Keynes out the window."1	"There will, I guess, always be some people who, having made an emotional commitment to a candidate, can't accept the proposition that someone might share their values but honestly disagree with the candidate's approach."1	But Cruz uses the framing of failure to act as acting in the wrong direction to obscure this point.1	"Well, suppose a third character can come in: Government Gus."1	"I was tempted to edit out minor countries like Malta, but decided to do this as cleanly as possible."1	"OK, but why, exactly, does it help the Fed's institutional credibility to do nothing to help a deeply depressed economy?"1	"Also, just about everyone on the list studied with Stan Fischer, who remains very much in the middle of policy-making."1	"I mean, anyone who took these chumps seriously has proved himself an ever bigger chump than they are."1	"(Alternatively, you can take a consolidated view of the government and central bank balance sheets, in which case what we're effectively doing is refinancing at the zero short-term rate.)"1	"Why, then, are things boiling over?"1	"Finland's two main export sectors, forest products and Nokia, have tanked; this creates the need for a sharp fall in relative wages to make up for the lost markets, but because Finland doesn't have its own currency anymore this adjustment must take the form of a slow, grinding internal devaluation (which is, by the way, why the garbled discussion of wages turns the story into nonsense)."1	"Think of my little two-classes model of debt, where some people are less patient than others — perhaps (to step outside the model a bit) because they have better investment opportunities."1	But what are these things?1	"If markets lose faith and the time for ECB purchases of Spanish or Italian bonds arises, will it really happen?"1	But how much of a role?1	Let's be generous and assume that the overall multiplier on tax cuts is 1.1	"Suppose that desired savings and desired investment spending are currently equal, and that something causes the interest rate to fall."1	"Also, there's an odd dynamic involving the role of international trade in the history of economics."1	I know the picture: retirees living on the interest on their bank account and their fixed pension check — and there are no doubt some people fitting that description.1	"But why, exactly, should China be eager to manage an international reserve currency?"1	(Milton Friedman would later appropriate this concept by analogy to unemployment).1	"Despite the religious conviction among macroeconomic theorists that prices cannot be sticky, the Dornbusch model remained compelling to most practical international macroeconomists."1	Right-wing economists like Stephen Moore and John Cochrane — it's becoming ever harder to tell the difference — have some curious beliefs about history.1	And that's our problem.1	"That's pretty amazing, too; the sadomonetarists of Basel have a remarkable track record of being wrong about everything since 2008, but always finding some reason to call for higher rates."1	"But leaving that half of the macroeconomics profession aside, for the rest of us the 80s were just as important as the 70s in setting attitudes toward policy."1	"I've tried to explain why Lucas and those with similar views are all wrong several times, for example here."1	"The fact is that at this point trade is fairly free (slide 4), and estimates of the cost of protectionism from standard models are quite small (slide 5)."1	"But it was; the problem was that since banks weren't lending out their reserves and people were keeping cash in mattresses, the Fed couldn't expand M2."1	"Yes, I'm aware that the distinction between short-term and long-term rates complicates this a bit."1	Suppose that a country or currency area – let's call it Europe — suffers a decline in aggregate demand.1	"What has happened instead, however, is three years in which European policy has been focused almost entirely on the supposed dangers of public debt."1	"The widely cited estimates of Mark Zandi of Economy.com indicate a multiplier of around 1.5 for spending, with widely varying estimates for tax cuts."1	Political scientists who write clearly for a broader audience are upset with Nick Kristof for saying that political scientists no longer write for a broader audience.1	"Hey, Clinton was probably cooking the books."1	31	"Side benefit: read the caption on the Bloomberg chart, and note how bad economic analysis — the specific kind of bad analysis one finds on cable TV business news — gets presented, probably unknowingly, not even as opinion but as fact."1	This is going to be ugly.1	"To think about the growth of government, we need to look at the range of things government does well, a range that goes well beyond the narrow concept of public goods."1	"But the reckoning came even sooner on trade, an area where other players, Europe in particular, have just as much power as we do."1	And the adjustment of GDP is what makes both loanable funds and liquidity preference hold at the same time.1	"Um, there have been many explanations of the current worry."1	No and no.1	"These days, they're called Keynesians and/or saltwater macroeconomists."1	"One way, I'd suggest, is to ask how much of the move can be explained by changes in the real interest differential with the United States."1	"Is he confusing unit labor costs with relative unit labor costs, which aren't at all the same thing?"1	"But in his latest, he notes some of the freshwater types appealing to their glorious past, claiming that Robert Lucas in particular has a record of intellectual transparency that should insulate him from criticism now."1	"Anyway, this is an issue that has been hashed over many times, most recently by Ben Bernanke, saying pretty much exactly the same thing I said a year earlier."1	"Now, the fact is that people make decisions like these badly."1	"Actually, let me stress the “unnecessary” aspect."1	Not a bit.1	"A case in point is the rise and fall of European bank-blaming — that is, the argument that the weakness of banks is what's holding European recovery back."1	"You can think of it as a careful, multi-country version of the quick-and-dirty analysis of US experience I did recently, with an assist from Tim Duy."1	"I really don't want to spend time fighting against people with whom I don't really have a current policy disagreement — and this is so silly, besides."1	I guess we can check the record here and see just how prescient the BIS was.1	But if you have a persistent problem of inadequate demand — which is the secular stagnation argument — then find things that will boost demand.1	"So, a few points."1	But this is now more or less Mitt Romney's official position.1	"Well, even smart, flexible people can fall prey to incestuous amplification."1	But there may be more here than the pure terms of trade effect.1	Here's the change in after-tax income resulting from the plan: Huge benefits for the super-elite.1	"And if interest rates are fixed, what happens is that GDP changes to make S and I equal."1	The underlying claim in all such demands is that the low interest rates we've had since 2008 are “unnatural” or “artificial”.1	"Some of this pushback takes the form of assertions that he must be serious, because the Congressional Budget Office scored his plan and found that it led to lower debt."1	"But as I tried to point out a long time ago, this simple story breaks down when short-term interest rates are near zero."1	"OK, this is really depressing."1	"But the Temin-Vines piece seems to conflate several different bad arguments under the heading of “Ricardian equivalence”, and in so doing understates the badness."1	And the lower dollar has clearly helped US exporters and import-competing firms.1	"Again, right now the bond market doesn't seem worried about US solvency."1	For the people must suffer if neoliberal reforms are to prosper.1	"The persistence of scaremongering about Chinese confidence is a remarkable thing: it continues to be what Very Serious People say, even though it literally makes no sense at all."1	"The wealthy get a lot of interest income, which means that they are hurt by low rates; but they also own a lot of assets, whose prices go up when monetary policy is easy."1	"Confusion between levels and rates of change is endemic here — actually, it's just amazing how much discussion of macroeconomics since the crisis is nonsense because people who imagine themselves sophisticated are muddled about the difference between levels and changes."1	Here.1	"It was under Ronald Reagan … Hmmm: It's not just that more jobs were created under Clinton, who raised taxes on the rich, than under Reagan; I wonder how many people know that more jobs were created under Jimmy Carter than under either Bush?"1	"The first decade In the first decade, the big things are (i) conversion of Medicaid into a block grant program, with much lower funding than projected under current law and (ii) sharp cuts in top tax rates and corporate taxes."1	I ran into Olivier Blanchard over breakfast the other day.1	"Here it is: But here we are, in 2010 — and something very much like that position is being forcefully advocated by Wolfgang Schauble, the government of China, Narayanan Kocherlakota, and Sarah Palin."1	"But talk of a new cold war, comparisons between Putin's Russia and the USSR, look a bit silly now, don't they?"1	"You almost never get that clear a test of rival economic views, and the results should be considered decisive."1	Chait treats this as a story about the way the right is handling Obamacare's success.1	"Julia Belluz suggests that wearable fitness devices don't add much: For now, applying common sense is probably useful: for centuries, everyone — not just those who can afford the latest Apple tricks — has had access to other less-sexy technologies (scales, measuring tapes) that provide extremely accurate and predictive data about your health (weight, the measure of your waist), and those haven't spurred behavior change or reversed the trajectory of the obesity crisis in America."1	"One thing Mike Konczal points out is that this is in part the whine of rentiers, angry that their wealth isn't yielding the return they want: While they aren't asking for sympathy, “at their level, in a different way but in the same way, the rug got pulled out,” said Sonnenfeldt, 56."1	"It's a very clear, well-argued post; regular readers know that I've been making essentially the same arguments for years."1	Economies with persistently weak demand seem to suffer large declines in potential as well as actual output.1	This implies an overall eurozone inflation rate of 1 percent.1	"Economists set themselves too easy, too useless a task if in tempestuous seasons they can only tell us that when the storm is long past the ocean is flat again."1	"Most recently, he has been recounting the pushback he's getting from freshwater macro types, who seem him as allying himself with evil people like me — whereas he sees them as having turned away from science toward a legalistic, adversarial form of pleading."1	And that's the IS curve.1	It's pretty amazing.1	I really do think Draghi has done very well.1	"Consider, instead of trade, industrial production."1	"The Taylor rule was and is a clever heuristic for describing how central banks try to steer between unemployment and inflation, and perhaps a useful guide to how they ought to behave in normal times."1	"International capital mobility makes a liquidity trap in just one country less likely, but it by no means rules that possibility out."1	"My answer is no — but conservatives believe that they do, which is why this kind of comparison is useful."1	"This is just a, um, crude first pass."1	"In particular, letting businesses get refunds on past taxes based on current losses, which is reportedly a key feature of the plan, looks an awful lot like a lump-sum transfer with no incentive effects."1	"Suppose that the family takes out a $100,000 home loan (I know, it's hard to find houses that cheap, but I just want a round number)."1	"For the Sams to do this, of course, the Janets must be prepared to dissave, to run down their assets."1	"The answer is that real returns in Japan weren't exceptionally low – they were, in fact, more or less equal to those abroad."1	"But Marty Feldstein is effectively shadowing the BIS position, with added conspiracy theory, and it's kind of shocking to see."1	Within a European Union supposedly dedicated to democratic ideals?1	(I'm not exactly sure why he does not call for real defense spending.1	"It really has to be the ECB, for this to have any chance of working."1	And the economic logic was all wrong.1	"Here's one way to think about it: when the Fed conducts an open-market operation, buying short-term debt with newly printed money, this normally affects the short rate because bonds and money are imperfect substitutes: money yields less, but has the advantage of being something you can use directly to make payments, that is, it's more liquid."1	"Still, isn't this just theory?"1	"Meanwhile, Koo seems to think that the decline of the dollar has been a disaster."1	"Here's real primary (non-interest) spending, from the IMF's latest World Economic Outlook, with the blue lines representing the historical average in recessions and aftermath, the red lines representing current policies: It was obvious both from history and from textbook economics that the turn toward austerity would greatly damage prospects for recovery; this isn't hindsight."1	"So, what I said is that the eventual resolution of the deficit problem both will and should rely on “death panels and sales taxes”."1	This is a theme dear to my heart.1	31	And conveying that truth — even as a matter of simple factual reporting — is apparently viewed as taking sides.1	And an economy in which millions of willing workers can't find work is surely one with massive distortions of some kind.1	Now consider two pure cases of rising US demand.1	"We know that this fluctuates much more than GDP over the business cycle, because purchases of manufactured goods slump much more in recessions than purchases of services."1	"When that inflation failed to materialize, you might have expected a pause for reflection — an attempt to figure out why they got it so wrong, and maybe even to figure out why some of us basically got it right."1	Why don't people get this?1	Germany).1	"But the point for now is that while it may seem like a vague concept, within each subfield everyone knows who the top guns are, and there's a very steep slope downward from the few people at the very pinnacle and the next level."1	Probably his most influential paper — certainly the one that had the biggest impact on me — was his 1986 paper (pdf) on currency regimes and the behavior of real exchange rates.1	"And this is the “responsible”, moderate candidate."1	Unlike other disaster economies around the European periphery – economies that are trying to rehabilitate themselves through austerity and deflation — Iceland built up so much debt and found itself in such dire straits that orthodoxy was out of the question.1	"Evan Soltas is getting some attention with an interesting attempt to find the true lower bound on interest rates; David Keohane cited a similar, more detailed estimate a month ago."1	"Actually, no."1	over his ludicrous campaign logo!1	Does Rattner think that a rise in unit labor costs ipso facto means a loss of competitiveness?1	"And at that point further open-market operations do nothing — they just swap one zero-interest asset for another, with no effect on anything."1	But it didn't happen.1	"While doing research for today's column, I more or less by accident came across the trail that explains how a zombie lie gets into the discourse, and stays there."1	Long ago I argued that what Japan needed was a credible promise to be irresponsible.1	And what this means is that the marginal dollar of money holdings is being held solely as a store of value — the medium of exchange utility is irrelevant.1	"In case #2, everyone sees the strength of US spending relative to the rest of the world as more or less permanent."1	"Actually, you have to wonder whether the ECB, which surely understands the stakes, would even be willing to go along."1	"It gives some of those excess savings a place to go — and in the process expands overall demand, and hence GDP."1	"Here's the US balance on current account – the trade balance broadly defined — as a percentage of GDP: Leaving aside the large surplus just after World War II, we went from persistent small surpluses before 1980 to persistent large deficits after 1980."1	"And, in some sense, there's nothing to apply a multiplier to."1	"All of that makes it perfectly suited to become part of the conventional wisdom, so thoroughly accepted that it is mentioned only in passing."1	"I think it's a very naked rationalization for policies that were already, you know, decided on for other reasons."1	So have things improved?1	But many central bankers and other officials chose to ignore all that and place their faith in the confidence fairy instead.1	"Update: some unemployment data added, below."1	But they never do seem to learn.1	"I continue to be amazed by how many people regard debt relief and devaluation as wild-eyed radical ideas; of course, it matters most that so many influential people in Europe share this ignorance."1	And events matched their expectations almost precisely.1	"Ezra also points us to an Urban Institute study that shows that yes, mandates are essential."1	"As Mr. Bernanke noted in a now-famous 2002 speech, the Fed has the power to fight deflation—or falling wages and prices—by printing money."1	"If you have a classical view of the world, you would argue that nominal shocks should affect the nominal, not the real exchange rate: the real exchange rate is a real phenomenon, and money is a veil."1	"You can, if you like, argue that it's a spurious correlation for some reason."1	"Saying no has two cost-saving effects: it saves money directly, and it also greatly enhances the government's bargaining power, because it can say, for example, to drug producers that if they charge too much they won't be in the formulary."1	But it's not just economists who willfully threw away hard-won insights.1	"But monetary autonomy and a fixed exchange rate don't go well together; China's capital controls give it some leeway, but it is nonetheless suffering from a lot of capital flight — and it wants to liberalize the capital account in pursuit of reserve-currency status."1	"And his views matter, says the Journal: Mr. Caruana is no disgruntled outvoted hawk on a policy-setting council, trying desperately to set the record straight after being outvoted."1	"The FT has a long, deeply depressing portrait of conditions in Portugal, focusing on the plight of family-owned businesses — once the core of the nation's economy and society, now going under in droves."1	"An excess of desired investment over desired savings can lead to economic expansion, which drives up income."1	"She went on to talk about how the likes of Rush Limbaugh misuse satire to attack the powerless, but let's stick with the first point."1	"The zero lower bound on short rates really does matter, even if longer-term rates are positive."1	"Nate Cohn cautions us not to make too much of the polls supposedly showing the Trump surge continuing, as many — but not all – were taken before the McCain affair."1	Because saving and investment depend on the level of GDP.1	"When Ted Cruz uses the passive-aggressive method to attack the Fed, claiming that it caused the Great Recession because it didn't do more in 2008, he isn't using it to push the cause of market monetarism."1	"He promised to — you guessed it — declare China a currency manipulator, while attacking President Obama for failing to do so."1	Here's a comparison of the UK with two other major economies since 2007: Austerity triumphant.1	The helicopter-drop of money known as quantitative easing did little more than inflate stock markets and fund Washington's deficit spending.1	Mike argued: 1.1	"One area where things haven't worked out as expected, however, is on the deflation front."1	"What would happen if they took their dollar holdings, equal to around 10% of US GDP, and switched them into other currencies?"1	"Again, that makes him part of a substantial club."1	And that gets us to politics.1	"But if you read the original essays, there's no ambiguity — it's pure Say's Law, pure “Treasury view”, in each case."1	"It is, in short, the centrist dodge carried over to conflict within economics."1	A lot of what we think we know about recession and recovery comes from the experience of the 70s and 80s.1	What's notable about the piece is not just that Greenspan was wrong about everything that would happen over the next three years; he's actually part of a substantial club on that point.1	"The basic answer is, of course, who cares?"1	"I said something deliberately provocative on This Week, so I think I'd better clarify what I meant (which I did on the show, but it can't hurt to say it again.)"1	"Not only do real rates move very closely with nominal rates, but the behavior of real rates changes dramatically when you move from floating to fixed rates or vice versa."1	"All around the world, capital is fleeing troubled economies — including, by the way, the euro area, which these days tends to run bigger trade surpluses than China. "1	"In that sense, this isn't even a plan, it's just a set of assertions."1	So you might have expected the BIS to revise its policy prescriptions.1	The thing that is obvious about Joe is that before becoming a public figure with a political following he established his reputation with vast amounts of widely cited academic research; you can get a sense of what he did by looking at his top entries on Google Scholar.1	"For that matter, even Romney's past relationship with Trump is notable mainly because racism and birtherism didn't bother him back in the good old days."1	"The particular statistical method they use is reasonable, but in any case — as they document — the result pops out for pretty much any plausible methodology."1	"As he pointed out, this proposition could be tested using a natural experiment, the breakdown of Bretton Woods and the move to floating rates."1	"Also, importantly, big enrollments mean that more insurers are entering the market, increasing competition."1	"Maybe that's a tradeoff worth accepting, but nothing in events so far suggests that China's leadership was prepared to take that step."1	"Let's go to the text (pdf), p. 275: And, if we pass from the moment of actual crisis to the situation in the following depression, it is still more difficult to see what lasting good effects can come from credit expansion."1	"And by and large, people who did the numbers have gotten it mostly right; it's precisely because we're ruled by crats who trust their guts rather than the techno that we're in such trouble."1	"That is, the attempt to reduce debt by slashing spending actually raises the ratio of debt to GDP, not just in the short run, but indefinitely."1	— when they are actually falling very far short of providing enough support.1	"… If people really do think that the danger of stimulus is not that it might fail, but that it might succeed, they need to say so."1	"People like Meltzer chose to disregard all of that, insisting that terrible inflation (and high interest rates) were just around the corner."1	"Noah Smith recently offered an interesting take on the real reasons austerity garners so much support from elites, no matter hw badly it fails in practice."1	The Fed deserves to be chastised for not doing more; that's not the same as saying that the Fed should be the only target of criticism.1	Nor is there even much of a partisan divide; solid Republicans like Eddie Lazear (pdf) say things like this: The recession of 2007-09 witnessed high rates of unemployment that have been slow to recede.1	"Truly, we live in a time of mass delusion — or maybe make that elite delusion — where there are lots of things that everyone believes, without a shred of evidence to back that belief."1	"Here's the Economic Report of the President from 2004 (pdf), presumably written by Greg Mankiw: Aggressive monetary policy can reduce the depth of a recession."1	"A further thought on this ongoing discussion with Konczal, Baker, and Rowe over whether economies tend to self-correct."1	"And that's just not what the evidence says; instead, it points overwhelmingly to an insufficient overall level of demand."1	"First, where on earth does Taylor's claim that fiscal stimulus has had much less effect than expected come from?"1	"Even Canada, right next door, has seen nothing like the union collapse that took place here."1	"Hicks later made things clearer with the concept of the “IS curve”, which shows how the equilibrium interest rate from loanable funds varies with the level of GDP."1	"That sounds good, but it's nowhere near solving the real problems."1	"In a frictionless world, it wouldn't matter which scenario gets chosen."1	Should we be surprised that this effort proved inadequate — exactly as predicted?1	So what's wrong with this pretty picture?1	And his pronouncements — like his early 2011 declaration that we faced fiscal crisis within two years — received breathless coverage.1	to ridicule!1	"Suppose that a government imposes fiscal austerity in a realistic fashion, with spending cuts getting steadily deeper relative to baseline over a period of several years."1	41	Nothing in the economic situation suggests that rates are too low right now.1	And all of them that were states before the Civil War were slave states.1	"In the extended entry, a look at my calculations."1	"Busy with a lot of stuff today, but a brief personal note inspired by the Apple Watch."1	"There's no ambiguity in either case: both Fama and Cochrane are asserting that desired savings are automatically converted into investment spending, and that any government borrowing must come at the expense of investment — period."1	And I haven't been able to find one!1	"On monetary policy: again, the large expansion of the Fed's balance sheet so far doesn't seem to have worried markets: right now, the 10-year TIPS spread is 1.9, showing no sign of exploding inflationary expectations."1	"Trade wasn't and isn't; neither, for the most part, was my other home, international macro, which was surprisingly free of hard-line anti-Keynesianism."1	But it's also the usual left-right asymmetry.1	"In fact, it's a pretty good bet that imposing austerity in economies that can't offset its effects with monetary policy inflicts pain without any gain whatsoever: by reducing the future size of the economy and hence the tax base, austerity actually worsens the fiscal outlook."1	"By the way, nobody seems to have noticed that my suggestion that a fake alien threat would end the slump was nothing more than an updated version of Keynes's “coalmine” thought experiment: If the Treasury were to fill old bottles with banknotes, bury them at suitable depths in disused coalmines which are then filled up to the surface with town rubbish, and leave it to private enterprise on well-tried principles of laissez-faire to dig the notes up again (the right to do so being obtained, of course, by tendering for leases of the note-bearing territory), there need be no more unemployment and, with the help of the repercussions, the real income of the community, and its capital wealth also, would probably become a good deal greater than it actually is."1	"Friedman used this to push his patented agenda of laissez-faire on everything except monetary policy, where under the guise of M2 targeting he was actually calling for a very active Fed."1	"As I and other people like Paul McCulley have tried to explain many times, the liquidity trap puts you on the other side of the looking glass; virtue is vice, prudence is folly, central bank independence is a bad thing and the threat of monetized deficits is to be welcomed, not feared."1	"The point, however, is that the right has insisted non-stop that Obama was doing terrible things to the economy — that health reform was a job-killer (one of the dozens of House votes repealing Obamacare was called the Repealing the Job-Killing Health Care Law Act.)"1	"Monetary policy quickly found itself up against the zero lower bound, while fiscal policy, after providing some stimulus, soon turned strongly contractionary."1	"The problem with private debt is that we have good reason to believe that in very wide-open financial systems people get irrationally exuberant, lending and borrowing to an extent that they eventually realize was excessive — and that there are huge negative externalities when everyone tries to deleverage at once."1	"I could work this out in a fully specified intertemporal model, but I'm not in the mood, and anyway the intuition is the thing; so the full Obstfeld-Rogoffization is left as an exercise for readers."1	"Instead, it only devalued a little."1	"So, huge tax cuts that would massively increase debt, with the benefits going to the very highest-income Americans."1	"Five years ago the Trump complaint that Chinese currency manipulation was costing U.S. jobs had some validity — in fact, serious economists were making the same point. "1	There's nothing in the data suggesting that you can borrow more cheaply than other safe borrowers.1	"The bottom line, then, is that the plausible-sounding argument that debt can't cure debt is just wrong."1	But do we really think that inadequate incentive to create new drugs or new movies is a major problem right now?1	Is this a deficit-reduction program?1	So the Fed ended QE last month.1	"Varoufakis doesn't even like wearing ties — which, consciously or not, is a way of declaring visually that he is not going to play the usual game."1	"I know, derp abides, but still."1	"To get a single number I weight countries by their 2009 PPP GDP, also from the IMF."1	"I was honored and delighted to see him again two years ago, and have him deliver remarks when I received honorary degrees in Lisbon."1	"The truth is that both Democrats have a lot of genuine, solid support."1	How much could that be worth?1	"One question we might ask here is, why is the news so good?"1	"In the Bond movies, two zeroes meant a license to kill."1	All successful researchers have gigantic egos.1	"I'm basing what I say on a model; the model may not be right, but it does represent some hard thinking conditioned by evidence."1	What's wrong with the idea that running the printing presses is a giveaway to plutocrats?1	"But there's your Fitbit telling you that you only walked 6000 steps and burned 1800 calories yesterday, that you only did serious exercise three days last week."1	"In America, we're constantly told that global competition means that we can't even afford even the safety net we have; strange to say, other rich countries don't seem to have that problem."1	Think about it this way.1	"I'd say it's sad, but I find it hard to feel much sympathy for the marks of this particular scam."1	"The Chicago School, he claimed, never believed in such nonsense."1	Why is this important?1	"Oh, and let's always remember that Keyensians like me don't believe that thing like the paradox of thrift and the paradox of flexibility are the way the economy normally works."1	"What defines the cult is, instead, the insistence that the parties are symmetric, that they are equally extreme, and that the responsible, virtuous position is always somewhere in between."1	"The author even included a figure showing what happened: Furthermore, it just wasn't true that nothing like that had happened since the 1930s."1	"Think about Abenomics in Japan: its biggest success so far has been driving down the value of the yen, helping Japanese exporters."1	But do they?1	"But I want to focus on just one thing: Rogoff's assertion that Britain could have faced a southern Europe-style crisis, with a loss of investor confidence driving up interest rates and plunging the economy into a deep slump."1	"In any case, the message about what the Fed should do now is clear: nothing."1	"And since I was stuck on an airplane, I thought I might write up a very simple, old-fashioned model (pdf) making that point."1	"I've taken annual data on the growth of real GDP and of government purchases from Eurostat, using every country for which data are available 2010-2013."1	"So you could make the case that falling oil is less expansionary than it used to be, and even, possibly, that it's contractionary."1	"Here's what I wrote some years ago: Back in the old days, when dinosaurs roamed the earth and students still learned Keynesian economics, we used to hear a lot about the monetary “transmission mechanism” — how the Fed actually got traction on the real economy."1	"Broadly speaking, there are two views out there."1	But they're almost surely wrong.1	"program caused a widespread mispricing of risk, deluding investors into underestimating the risk of various financial assets they were buying."1	"It's actually a very simple model by the standards of modern macroeconomics, but it does have some formidable-looking equations, even as it rests on some patently untrue assumptions about reality."1	"But as it turned out, that didn't happen either; we got an inadequate stimulus, and the failure of that stimulus to do more was then taken as proof that Keynesian policies don't work – in part because the Obama administration insisted and continues to insist that the size of that stimulus was just right."1	"You see, back in 1975, shortly after the overthrow of the dictatorship that had ruled the country for half a century, the governor of Portugal's central bank, Jose da Silva Lopes, called on his old friend Dick Eckaus, a professor at MIT, to see if he could get some MIT people to come and offer expert advice."1	Except I feel like taking a vacation from both the shutdown and Obamacare.1	"It's worth noting that this also implies that 1 euro of austerity yields only about 0.4 euros of reduced deficit, even in the short run."1	But who are these people?1	"Barry Eichengreen and Kevin O'Rourke have lately been scoring a series of research coups, based on the combination of historical perspective and a global view."1	"Many prices, however, don't fluctuate this way — they're set by oligopolistic firms, or negotiated in long-term contracts, so they're only revised at intervals ranging from months to years."1	And what is the nature of that problem?1	And why is this the responsible thing?1	"Many economists would like to believe that we're having a reasonable, civilized discussion, rather than dealing with denialism and bad faith."1	Four Pinnochios on each side.1	The names are less clear.1	"“We can't just surrender and lose jobs.” Now, Romney could argue that the situation has changed — as it has since 2010, when I was arguing for the threat of countervailing duties."1	Irving Fisher wept.1	"There has, of course, been some pushback against my column pointing out that the Very Serious Paul Ryan is not, in fact, serious at all."1	One enduring constant of the world economy since 2008 is the chorus of sober-sounding people declaring that the Fed must act responsibly and raise rates.1	"Without knowledge of these basic facts, nothing about the markets makes any sense—and with knowledge, everything does."1	What's going on?1	"And much of that flight capital is heading for the United States, pushing up the dollar and making our industries less competitive."1	And I estimate austerity as the difference between the actual change in budget balance and this predicted change.1	"So he wasn't an exceptional governor, or actually an exceptional anything — except maybe exceptionally good at cashing in after leaving office."1	"But inflation isn't accelerating; in particular, there is still no hint of wage pressure in the data."1	There's no evidence at all that it did.1	"As Dean nicely puts it, “China has an unloaded water pistol pointed at our heads.” Actually, it's even better: China can, if it chooses, throw some cold water on us — but it's a hot day, and we would actually enjoy it."1	"Angus Deaton has won the Nobel, which is wonderful — dogged, careful empirical work at the micro level, tracking and making sense of individual households, their choices, and why they matter."1	Mostly it doesn't.1	One last point: many people have noted the resemblances between current events and the market instability of 1998.1	"Here it is: But here we are, in 2010 — and something very much like that position is being forcefully advocated by Wolfgang Schauble, the government of China, Narayanan Kocherlakota, and Sarah Palin."1	And what might be driving consumption and net exports?1	"Still, it's not the kind of brave truth-telling the Sanders campaign pitch might have led you to expect."1	"I disagree, and I think this is mostly wishful thinking, but at least it's not the kind of raw nonsense involved in arguments #1 and #2."1	"But there's enough genuine post-McCain polling to show that Trump hasn't imploded, the way virtually every pundit predicted he would."1	"Paper here (pdf, very wonkish)."1	How did that happen?1	But many people are still treating this as an agonizing choice.1	"But it's important, I think, to realize that even countries that didn't borrow a lot, didn't experience large capital inflows, basically did nothing wrong by the official criteria, are nonetheless suffering in a major way."1	"Yet you might be tempted to argue that the results show that Greece hasn't done enough — after all, last year it was running only a tiny primary budget surplus (that is, not counting interest), and this year it has slipped back into primary deficit."1	"One argument I don't buy, however, is that we should try to shrink financial institutions down to the point where nobody is too big to fail."1	"And Paul McCulley understood all this really well (pdf): [I]n the topsy-turvy world of liquidity traps, these textbook orthodoxies do not apply, and acting irresponsibly relative to orthodoxy by increasing borrowing will do more good than harm."1	"In addition, they generally possess the mentality and probably intelligence of junior cycle secondary school students."1	"Exhibit 2 shows things a bit differently, with more detail."1	"Ah, but it used to think otherwise."1	Was there any suggestion of expansionary monetary policy to offset such a coordinated fiscal contraction?1	"If my analysis of the European problem is right, however, this is pretty much irrelevant: Europe's trade and capital imbalances are the result of fundamental weakness of domestic demand, which is then exported to the rest of us, who aren't that strong either."1	"Paul Volcker decided to tighten; interest rates soared, housing collapsed, and the economy plunged into a deep recession."1	"And if you are tempted to say that the middle class gets at least some tax cut, remember that the budget hole would force sharp cuts in spending; and since the federal government is a giant insurance company with an army, this means sharp cuts in programs that benefit ordinary Americans, probably swamping any tax cuts."1	"People write and say, “I can't believe that you are asserting that X."1	"Having sufficient reputation gets you into a charmed circle; as I wrote in that old essay, In the modern academic world there tends, in any given field — whether it is international finance, Jane Austen studies, or some branch of endocrinology — to be a “circuit”, the people who get invited to speak at academic conferences, who form a sort of de facto nomenklatura."1	So what is the payoff to this application of miniature general-equilibrium theorizing to macro?1	"And Mr. Bush imposed tariffs on steel that were in clear violation of international agreements, only to back down after the European Union threatened to impose retaliatory sanctions."1	But what if inflation can't or won't be delivered?1	"Mainly as a note to myself: What was once Peter Kenen's big insight about optimum currency areas is now a commonplace: They're much more likely to be workable if you have fiscal federalism, so that there are large automatic transfers to depressed regions."1	"Well, one way or another we need to have German inflation 4 points higher than Spanish inflation over that period."1	There were no specifications of particular revenue provisions that would generate that path.1	"I've always had a thing for Grant — the stubby, unprepossessing guy who failed at most things until he turned out to have a unique understanding of modern war."1	"Sure enough, a team consisting (I think) of Eckaus, Rudi Dornbusch, and Lance Taylor showed up (I'm pretty sure Bob Solow also visited)."1	"I was Rudi's student when he was working out the classic “overshooting” model, and got to see a bit of the struggle involved – because like almost all seemingly simple ideas in economics, it was the product of a lot of hard thinking."1	"First, austerity has a very negative effect on output in a country that does not have its own currency, and therefore cannot offset the fall in demand with monetary policy."1	I am deadly serious.1	81	"In the short run, however, prices are clearly sticky, and expansionary monetary policy reduces interest rates."1	"So consider two scenarios: in scenario A, we have 2 percent German inflation and 2 percent Spanish deflation."1	"And the question is, where the heck is that coming from?"1	So this is just poisoning the well for health care reform.1	"If this sounds familiar, if it reminds you of the problem of partisanship in U.S. politics, it should."1	"In practice we think that AS is very, very flat in the short run, so that you do better by just putting GDP on the axis, but this is good enough for my purposes now."1	"We can build roads instead of factories, but fiscal stimulus can't help us to build more of both.1 This is just accounting, and does not need a complex argument about “crowding out.” Second, investment is “spending” every bit as much as consumption."1	"Leave aside the dismissal of the austerity debate — which has, if nothing else, been a dramatic illustration of the immense relevance of macroeconomic analysis — as “simplistic”; Dean Baker has that one covered."1	"Take real business cycle theory – I know it's a horse I beat a lot, but it's not dead, and it's a prime example within economics of what I have in mind."1	"First, we're now in year eight of a massive setback to economic growth, to living standards; US per capita GDP has barely surpassed 2007 levels, while median income is still far below, and Europe is doing much worse."1	"There are close parallels, as well there might be, since the trouble in macro is in effect a symptom of this wider political war."1	"To do this, consider the analysis I laid out a couple of months ago when I was trying to think about the dollar and U.S. recovery, but run it in reverse."1	And the lineage goes back even further.1	"What I do recall, however — which the Journal apparently doesn't — is that the BIS has spent years warning about the dangers of low interest rates."1	And I found myself thinking about the remarkable fact that there really are people who will buy that video.1	"Circa 1994 it was widely believed, based on seemingly solid research, that the NAIRU was around 6 percent; but Greenspan and company decided to wait for actual evidence of rising inflation, and the result was a long run of job growth that brought unemployment below 4 percent without any kind of inflationary explosion."1	"As I wrote in one context, often what they imagine to be a big conceptual or empirical failure is just a failure of their own reading comprehension."1	"If Europe's problem is lack of competitiveness, why doesn't a weaker euro solve it — and for that matter, why is Europe as a whole, and Germany in particular in trade surplus?"1	"Although mismatch increased during the recession, it retreated at the same rate."1	Now imagine an economy in which everyone is doing this.1	"And so our whole policy discourse has shifted to pain and punishment, gratuitously."1	Investor inertia – a tendency to leave funds where they are – could give flows an independent role.1	"I'm not talking about his motivations; I'm asking why, exactly, he is considered presidential material."1	"But wait, there's more."1	"Keynesianism isn't exactly left-wing, but monetarism was clearly conservative, and equilibrium business cycle theory even more so."1	"This time not, so that there is no quick way to adjust to adverse shocks: This shouldn't come as a surprise; it's the core of the classic Milton Friedman argument for flexible exchange rates, and in turn for the tradeoff at the core of optimum currency area theory."1	"On fiscal policy, market forces are often more certain than promised fiscal spending multipliers."1	"The European Central Bank has placed its faith in the confidence fairy, while imagining that it can run policy in a way that has never worked in several centuries of central bank experience."1	"Yes, you can raise some questions about the price-stability interpretation if the long-run Phillips curve isn't vertical at low inflation, but that's a fairly minor twiddle."1	Some of us came into the global crisis with a well-worked-out theory of monetary and fiscal policy in a liquidity trap; the predictions of that theory have been completely consistent with actual experience.1	"I wrote last year about the remarkable failure of RBC theorists ever to offer an intuitive explanation of how their models work, which I at least hinted was willful: But the RBC theorists never seem to go there; it's right into calibration and statistical moments, with never a break for intuition."1	Once again real exchange rate behavior changed markedly.1	"In that model, the multiplier is one.)"1	"But one reason for the sluggish growth in demand for U.S.-produced goods and services was a huge trade deficit, the counterpart of huge reserve accumulation in China and other emerging markets."1	"But then you run into another problem, highlighted in a classic paper by Mike Mussa (haven't found the original online, but he summarized the argument here (pdf))."1	"What made the Dark Ages dark was the fact that so much knowledge had been lost, that so much known to the Greeks and Romans had been forgotten by the barbarian kingdoms that followed."1	"There's a famous passage in Schumpeter's writings during the Great Depression, in which he lays out the extreme liquidationist position, arguing not just against the use of fiscal policy to fight unemployment but even against monetary policy, lest it get in the way of the “work of depressions”."1	Here's Fama:  The problem is simple: bailouts and stimulus plans are funded by issuing more government debt.1	Taylor has lashed back.1	"It's widely understood that the financial crisis and aftermath make the zero lower bound — even if less binding than we used to think — a very real concern, which means that not undershooting inflation targets is important."1	Is there a contradiction here?1	"But today's a good day for that, I think."1	This is what Charlie Kindleberger used to call “taking the first bite of the cherry”.1	"Via Mark Thoma, Antonio Fatas criticizes the chief economist of the World Bank for getting the implications of Ricardian equivalence for fiscal policy all wrong."1	"Well, if you look at the sources of fourth-quarter growth it looks like this: It's basically consumption and net exports."1	Success for Abenomics is as crucial for fiscal matters as everything else.1	Quite.1	"So, let's start by thinking about an economy in normal times, i.e., not at the zero lower bound (which is squishier than we thought, but still relevant.)"1	"Suppose, to be concrete, that we talk about permanently raising the primary surplus by one percent of GDP."1	"And what these measures show is an ongoing process of disinflation that could, in not too long, turn into outright deflation: Japan, here we come."1	"PS: A further count against the claim that interest on excess reserves explains everything is the fact that public holdings of currency have also surged, even though the Fed isn't paying interest on dead presidents: Again, this is exactly what liquidity-trap models, like my 1998 paper, predicted."1	"They hear that the Fed is printing money, and it sounds to them like a violation of both the laws of economics and morality — and they surely think of it as a plot to take away their completely earned gains and give them to Those People (hence the whiteness issue)."1	But here's one question: Are the reputations deserved?1	"Say that there are three goods, X, Y, and Z."1	I've long believed that Matthew Yglesias hit on something really important when he noted that small-country politicians generally have personal incentives to go along with troika demands even if they are against their nation's interests: Normally you would think that a national prime minister's best option is to try to do the stuff that's likely to get him re-elected.1	"People seem to think that it means that (a) internal devaluation can never work (b) any sign of recovery, even a partial rebound, proves Keynes/Krugman wrong (this is a critical part of Baltic boosterism, where the partial recovery of Latvia and Estonia is supposed to be some kind of incredible triumph)."1	"Because long-lived investments are very sensitive to interest rates, short-lived investments not so much."1	"I believe that given the grim economic situation, all players in the game should be trying to do whatever they can."1	In both cases the employment slump went on for a long time after the recession was supposedly over.1	"But because economists want to keep shouting yay free trade, they look for reasons why those gains might be larger – even though the stories they then end up telling are inconsistent with the competitive model that was the basis for free-trade advocacy in the first place."1	"Mark Thoma links to an old piece of mine that I think does a pretty good job of laying out that standard case; but we now know that there's a major additional concern, the ability of the central bank to act as lender of last resort to the government as well as private banks."1	"After the laughing and mocking and the calling of security, let's say you offered this prediction in the form a of a bet."1	"Yet that can't be right; if it were, we wouldn't have a problem in the first place."1	But the Republican base isn't eager to hear from SHCs; it has never put McCain on a pedestal; and people who like Donald Trump are not exactly likely to be scared off by his lack of decorum.1	I'm at SXSW; saw my first couple of sets last night.1	"No mystery, guys; you messed up."1	"But medical costs must be controlled somehow, or nothing works."1	"As if to illustrate his point, this remarkable piece of reporting by Confessore, Cohen, and Yourish documents the remarkable fact that campaign finance this election cycle is dominated by a tiny number of extremely wealthy people — more than half the total from just 158 families."1	"Maybe rates weren't artificially low, after all?"1	"At least since 2010 the BIS position has basically been the same as that of 1930s liquidationists like Schumpeter, who warned against any “artificial stimulus” that might leave the “work of depressions undone.” And in 2010-2011 it had an intellectually coherent — factually wrong, but coherent — story underlying that position."1	"People make portfolio choices, allocating their wealth among bonds, stocks, etc.. Asset prices – including the famous “q” – rise and fall to match these portfolio choices to the actual asset supplies."1	So says one of my commenters.1	Nor is the threat of retaliation the only factor that should deter any hard protectionist turn.1	"This was the oh-God-we're-all-gonna-die period, when everyone rushed into the most liquid securities; TIPS, being not as liquid as the much more widely traded regular bonds, went for a big discount that pushed real yields way up."1	"As usual, we see a clear negative association, consistent with a Keynesian story."1	I try to put some upper bounds on the gains (slide 6).1	"The Greek government is not calling for a return to primary deficits; as I understand it, it is merely proposing that it be allowed to stabilize the surplus at that level, as opposed to raising it to 4.5 percent of GDP, a number that has few precedents in history."1	Here's Ron Paul; here's Peter Schiff.1	"In addition to the usual scatter, however, I have marked the observations for 2014 in red."1	What's strange about this is that nobody was better at laying out the logic of deleveraging and its consequences than Pimco's Paul McCulley.1	"Anyway, as I've said, the prediction markets basically distill conventional wisdom; and what they're now saying must be striking terror into the hearts of the orthodox conservative movement:"1	No.1	"Right now the interest rate that the Fed can choose is essentially zero, but that's not enough to achieve full employment."1	Markets are panicking.1	"Atrios complains, rightly, about the description of the policies being followed in Europe as technocratic."1	Many wages are set the same way.1	"Anyway, the point was that international macro — which was my home within macro — never bought into the nonsense, largely thanks to the Dornbusch influence.Thank you, Rudi."1	"But I guess I really do understand it: according to right-wing theology, The Blessed Reagan's tax cuts must have created far more jobs than the policies of evil redistributors."1	"These are actions you would expect to make bankers angry, not happy — and that's what has actually happened."1	"There is some risk that prices could decelerate faster or even decline in real terms — after all, investment and speculative activity has picked up in the past five years."1	"What the United States needs to do in the long run, mainly controlling health care costs and increasing revenue, has nothing to do with the question of whether we have a second stimulus package."1	"Basically, the “nation of takers” narrative, according to which we have been pouring ever-growing sums into helping the poor while making no dent in the poverty rate."1	His views also matter for another reason: the BIS is one of the few international financial institutions (some say the only one) to see the financial crisis coming and to issue clear warnings ahead of time.1	Keynesianism is wrong!1	"I mean, I could do it myself."1	"From my 1998 paper on the subject (pdf): The point is important and bears repeating: under liquidity trap conditions, the normal expectation is that an increase in high-powered money will have little effect on broad aggregates … Nor was it just theory."1	"I am trying to get up to speed on the impact of the oil price plunge, and one of the important stories is unfolding in Putin's Russia."1	"From Labor Department data, we find that in 2010 special unemployment insurance programs — extended benefits paid for from DC — were about $3 billion in 2010."1	Brad DeLong professes himself confused: I confess that I do not understand the recent BIS Annual Report.1	Portugal in the summer of 1976 was a bizarrely interesting place — still somewhat chaotic in the aftermath of both the coup and the withdrawal from its African empire (the hotels were filled with “returnees” from Africa placed there on a temporary basis).1	"Someone needs to tell the Chinese, you shall not crucify this country on a cross of SDRs."1	"It is a dubious doctrine even done right; many people are liquidity constrained, and very few people have the knowledge or inclination to estimate the impact of current government budgets on their lifetime tax liability."1	Standard economic models do not imply huge gains from trade liberalization.1	"“QE1 failed to strengthen the economy, which has remained in a high-unemployment, low-growth slump.” Also, when I stepped outside this morning, it was cold, so I put on a coat — but it didn't work, because it was still cold."1	"After all, if the clear and present problem is inadequate demand, then we should have policies to deal with that problem — I don't care how important you think the long run is, we should deal with the crisis at hand."1	"First, Mike argued that monetary expansion once you're at the ZLB mainly works, if it does, through affecting expectations."1	"Eventually, however, unemployment could come back down to more or less its original level; this temporary surge in unemployment would deliver a permanent reduction in the inflation rate, because it would change expectations."1	"Here's the ARRA as a percent of potential GDP: So in response to the worst financial crisis in three generations, we briefly provided stimulus of a bit more than 2 percent of potential GDP, which quickly went away."1	So what Keen thinks is a big logical fallacy on my part is just a failure of reading comprehension on his part.1	"Just to be clear, I have supported QE in both Britain and the US, on the grounds that (a) central bank purchases of longer-term and riskier assets may help and can't hurt, and (b) given political paralysis in the US and the dominance of bad macroeconomic thinking in the UK, it's all we've got."1	"Keynes then goes on to explain that the actual business of gold mining — in which basically useless ore is mined and refined at great cost, then sent to sit idle in the basements of central banks — is for all practical purposes identical to his coalmine idea."1	"I am, of course, talking about pundits who prize themselves for their centrism."1	There were no specifications of particular revenue provisions that would generate that path.1	"Call that $150 billion per year in tax cuts, $240 billion each year in spending."1	"There are reasons to be against protectionism, but that's not one of them."1	It has been all too obvious that there are people with big reputations who can push equations around but don't seem to have any sense of what the equations mean.1	"The “accelerationist” Phillips curve that used to be standard — inflation depends on unemployment and lagged inflation — seemed consistent with the experience from previous big slumps, which were associated with large declines in the rate of inflation."1	"Rudi showed that you could produce interesting, provocative analyses by recognizing the role of forward-looking financial markets while retaining a realistic view of price behavior in goods markets."1	"But that doesn't say that the capacity has somehow ceased to exist; it only says that if we want to keep the capacity in use, someone else has to spend instead."1	Of course.1	How much of the US recovery will be diffused to other countries via dollar strength and a bigger trade deficit?1	(Treasury bill rates briefly went negative yesterday).1	"As soon as people understood that, say, the central bank had targeted a lower rate of inflation, prices and wages would adjust, without the need for sustained high unemployment."1	"The only reason for the creditors to play hardball would be to make Greece an example, to discourage other debtors from trying to negotiate relief."1	"What this means, in turn, is that to sustain their self-image centrists must misrepresent reality."1	But that's another story.)1	"Gross bet big on the idea that rates would spike when quantitative easing ends; I guess he has three weeks to be vindicated, but it sure doesn't look like it."1	"Not that long ago Alan Simpson bestrode Washington like a colossus — a rambling, cranky, potty-mouthed colossus."1	"The existince of fiat money is embarassing to that kind of ideology, so it inspires quests for alternatives to modern central banking even when the alternatives don't make sense."1	"Oh, wait."1	I'd put it at 3.5 out of 4.1	"I've been cleaning out my library, and just unearthed my copy of Dornbusch and Fischer's Macroeconomics, first edition, copyright 1978."1	"It is, instead, that the academics themselves don't understand what they're saying."1	"So, academic economics is indeed very hierarchical; but I think it's important to understand that it's not a bureaucratic hierarchy, nor can status be conferred by crude patronage."1	"As I said, this is really, really depressing."1	But I have failed.1	Ha!1	"Now, I often compare Spain with Florida: both had huge housing bubbles followed by busts."1	So I think of the pursuit of a world in which everyone is small enough to fail as the pursuit of a golden age that never was.1	Back then China was in fact engaged in harmful currency manipulation; these days it's bleeding reserves in the face of YUGE capital outflows (a trillion dollars last year!)1	"The starting point for this discussion is Okun's Law, the relationship between changes in real GDP and changes in the unemployment rate."1	"Remember, what defined the Dark Ages wasn't the fact that they were primitive — the Bronze Age was primitive, too."1	"And again, it's not clear that it even is an issue."1	"And the remedy should be financial, not fiscal."1	"Here's GDP: And here's employment: The moral of the story seems to be that if you're going to have a crisis, it's better to have a really, really bad one."1	People who say things like that evidently haven't read any of the actual CBO analyses; the most informative is the first one (pdf).1	"Strip the story down to basics – make it a steady-state model, not a growth model, and drop the capital accumulation; what you're left with is fluctuations in the marginal productivity of labor, which have a magnified impact on output because workers choose to work less when the technology is bad and more when the technology is good."1	"Yet he too is in effect describing neoclassical macro as a sort of cult, actively suppressing alternative approaches."1	"Actually, I don't think it's that hard."1	And it's important to be aware that there are bigger problems with his candidacy than lack of political realism.1	"We really did produce all the goods and services counted in GDP; we were able to do that because we had willing workers, a sufficient capital stock, the right technology, and so on."1	"Well, the answer turns out to be that during the summer, a number of the usual suspects made assertions of a big increase in government employment; here's a sample."1	So in that case wouldn't we expect capital mobility to be decisive?1	"Even if they've heard of the paradox of thrift, they don't get the extent to which we're living in a world where more savings — including savings supplied to your economy from outside — are a bad thing."1	"Think Japan 2000 (an incident I think many people have forgotten), the ECB 2011, Sweden after 2010."1	"That is, however, a strange comparison: other things equal, you'd expect government employment to grow with population (remember, the typical government employee is a schoolteacher)."1	We might nonetheless have been able to get through this with less damage if we'd had strong leadership and clear thinking from the economics profession.1	"If you want to ignore all that, because in the long run it's the fundamentals that matter, you're exactly the kind of person Keynes was mocking: But this long run is a misleading guide to current affairs."1	Here's what it looks like using Ball's estimates of the fall in potential output: Is there a policy moral from these supply-side failures of the pre-crisis doctrine?1	"Her biggest vice, from my point of view, is listening too much to consultants who want to make cheap shots, like the claim that the Sanders plan would kill Medicaid, when her real strength comes when she lets her inner wonk and fundamental toughness shine through."1	"Anyway, that's my casual take on what has happened."1	What odds do you think Obamacare's critics would have offered?1	Regular readers may note that my own writing on the current crisis has gotten — I think it has gotten — considerably clearer in the past few weeks.1	So what was the right answer?1	"Unfortunately, you see a lot of that, including from economists who really should know better."1	"Because long-lived investments are very sensitive to interest rates, short-lived investments not so much."1	"So what happened to freshwater, I'd argue, is that a movement that started by doing interesting work was corrupted by its early hubris; the braggadocio and trash-talking of the 1970s left its leaders unable to confront their intellectual problems, and sent them off on the path Paul now finds so troubling."1	So here goes.1	But the very fact that the economy remained depressed despite zero rates was telling us that we were awash in desired savings with no place to go — that's what a liquidity trap is all about.1	"So it would make sense on purely economic grounds for China to move to a free float, and gain the freedom to use monetary policy that, say, Japan has."1	"The point, of course, is that your personal incredulity counts for nothing."1	"During today's round table on ABC, Rand Paul seemed shocked at my claim that government employment is down under Obama."1	The first success led to Friedmam's promotion to demigod status; the second success has not produced any comparable elevation.1	"For example, we have a pretty good understanding of bank runs; extending that framework to shadow banking requires little more than the understanding that repo and other kinds of short-maturity obligations are, from an economic point of view, more or less equivalent to deposits."1	So how does the story of the GIIPS fit into this analysis?1	"Quantitative easing isn't being imposed on an unwitting populace by financiers and rentiers; it's being undertaken, to the extent that it is, over howls of protest from the financial industry."1	My guess is that most people who imagine themselves well-informed would give a bigger number.1	(This worked better before Marco Rubio's implosion; Cruz may be just as awful and just as bad a candidate as Trump.)1	The background here is that there are two problems with estimating multipliers relevant to our current situation.1	"This was a defensible argument, although it looks much weaker in the light of more recent developments; as I warned in 1998, in a liquidity trap the central bank loses control of monetary aggregates as well as the real economy; it's by no means clear that the Fed really could have prevented the Depression."1	"Strikingly, Tett's version of what went wrong with Gross's predictions makes no mention of deleveraging and the zero lower bound; it's all a power play by central banks, which have been “intimidating” bond investors with unconventional monetary policy."1	"Then Fisher on why austerity hasn't even helped on the debt: The basic story of the European periphery — not just Greece — is one of a poisonous interaction between Friedman and Fisher, which has produced incredible suffering while failing to reduce the debt/GDP ratio, which even in star pupils like Ireland and Spain is far higher than when austerity began; the only success has been in suffering long enough so that some growth has finally resumed, and they can call it vindication."1	"Finally, how is expansionary monetary policy supposed to hurt the 99 percent?"1	"Indeed: one strong indicator that the problem isn't structural is that as the economy has (partially) recovered, the recovery has tended to be fastest in precisely the same regions and occupations that were initially hit hardest."1	"And people who say things like “That's a stupid concept — people have to spend money on food and gas, so they should be in your inflation measures” are missing the point."1	"The analysis also suggests something else, however: as the inflation rate goes toward zero, it seems to become “sticky”: in the modern world, rapid deflation doesn't happen, and in fact slight positive inflation often persists in the face of an obviously depressed economy: The authors discuss several possible explanations, but it does seem as if downward nominal rigidity is playing a role."1	The bailout of big banks left them bigger than ever.1	The starting point for this debate is Mr. Trump's deviation from free-market orthodoxy on international trade.1	As of today.1	"But as I worried some time ago, this argument becomes moot if the banking system has already collapsed."1	"In the IS-LM model, the quantity of funds supplied is always equal to the quantity of funds demanded — because the level of output adjusts."1	"The answer is, not as long as Greece remains in the euro."1	Update: Henry Aaron is thinking along similar lines.1	"First, the grim news from Greece is, as many commentators are pointing out, a big refutation for the doctrine of “expansionary austerity.” And it's worth pointing out that European leaders, and especially the ECB, went in for that doctrine in a big way."1	"But in the era of globalization and EU-ification, I think the leaders of small countries are actually in a somewhat different situation."1	"The basic model is Ricardian — wine and cloth and labor productivity and all that — except that there are many goods and many countries, transportation costs, and countries are assumed to gain productivity in any particular industry through a random process."1	21	"Most retired Americans depend on Social Security for the majority of their income, and have very little in interest earnings; the decline in rates has primarily hurt a small minority of very well-off seniors."1	"Expected inflation, in turn, is assumed to reflect recent past experience."1	"Why do it, then?"1	"On the contrary, it can – and the alternative is a prolonged period of economic weakness that actually makes the debt problem harder to resolve."1	"But the policies that can prevent that gratuitous slump — a commitment to higher inflation over the medium term, and/or deficit spending — run right up against ingrained prejudices."1	"Silva Lopes: “We are not a banana republic, we are a pajama republic.” In the years that followed, he added further chapters to his illustrious career — more than I knew, I'm ashamed to say — leading tax reform and more."1	"More recently the revisions have tended to go in the other direction, with a revival of the concept of the liquidity trap in the light of Japan's experience, and a renewed acceptance, again based on evidence, that wages are downwardly rigid – and hence that the natural rate hypothesis breaks down at low inflation."1	"Brad DeLong catches John Cochrane being remarkably dense: Paul Krugman recommended, with refreshing clarity, that the US government fake an alien invasion so we could spend trillions of dollars building useless defenses."1	"I have to admit that I was predisposed to dislike Klein's book when it came out, probably out of professional turf-defending and whatever — but her thesis really helps explain a lot about what's going on in Europe in particular."1	"We saw this a lot in the cult of Paul Ryan, who was and is very obviously a con man, whose numbers have never added up, but who was nonetheless treated with vast respect — and still sometimes is."1	"But the book only really covers Chapter I in the MIT saga; while it alludes a bit to the role MIT grads play in the world today, it mostly cuts off circa 1970."1	"But many economists had already dug themselves in too deep, denouncing Keynesian economics as nonsense, declaring it dead."1	"You also have to wonder about cognitive dissonance: in general, we're talking about conservatives with vast faith in the wisdom of markets, who somehow are completely sure that markets will make terrible decisions due to low interest rates, and require paternalistic monetary policy to keep them on the strait and narrow."1	What does America gain from the dollar's special role?1	"More important than Mr. Romney's awkward history here, however, is the fact that his economic analysis is all wrong."1	"So it's not safe to assume that the Fed can, for example, hit any target for nominal GDP that it chooses."1	"That means that loanable funds doesn't determine the interest rate per se; it determines a set of possible combinations of the interest rate and GDP, with lower rates corresponding to higher GDP."1	And they are contemptuous about claims of price manipulation.1	"But I decided not to post anything about it; instead, I wanted to wait and see which right-wing media outlets would fall for the hoax."1	"You need to distinguish between the first decade, before the phasing out of Medicare as we know it begins, and after."1	"Yes – but you can get there by invoking sticky prices and/or wages, so that there's an upward-sloping aggregate supply curve, without changing the figure."1	I have tried–I have tried very hard–to wrap my mind around just what the BIS position is.1	"Unusually, Olivier and I do have a significant disagreement right now, over US monetary policy (this isn't insider info — he told the conference about it later that day)."1	"So, in some cases, can jargon, which used right can both save time and add clarity to the discussion."1	But shale has in some important ways arguably changed the nature of that impact.1	So Mr. Romney is talking nonsense.1	"He focuses on China's motives, which is useful."1	"Or maybe not, because who exactly is supposed to be on the receiving end of our improved balance?"1	(Sam and Janet who?1	"You basically represent the demand side of the economy with an IS curve; you imagine that monetary policy follows some kind of Taylor rule, in which the central bank sets interest rates based on the inflation rate and possibly some measure of economic slack; and you represent the supply side of the economy with a post-Friedmanite Phillips curve in which inflation rises ever higher if the economy is operating above potential, falls ever lower if the economy is operating below potential."1	"No, I don't think so."1	"It's like the fact that the capital account and the current account of the balance of payment have to sum to zero: that's true, but it does not mean that an increase in capital inflows magically translates into a trade deficit, without anything else changing (what John Williamson used to call the doctrine of immaculate transfer)."1	"Economic performance has also been very bad in several northern nations with good credit ratings and low borrowing costs — Finland, Denmark (which isn't on the euro but shadows it), the Netherlands."1	"Nonresidential investment has been rising rapidly, but it was doing that even before QE2 was announced."1	"Again, I don't think even Hicksian-inclined economists have taken all of this sufficiently into account."1	"We don't have access to different facts; we don't, in any fundamental sense, have different economic models."1	"If you'd grown up in my place and time, you'd know the answer: Sam and Janet evening / You will see a stranger … But actually, I'm thinking of the two kinds of agent in the Kiyotaki-Moore model.)"1	"Meanwhile, it's not true that poverty has been unchanged; the standard measure is known to be flawed, and a better measure shows progress, although not as much as we'd like: So it is somewhat disheartening to see the thoroughly debunked narrative still emerging in some of the Baltimore-inspired discussion."1	Schumpeter declared that Any revival which is merely due to artificial stimulus leaves part of the work of depressions undone Hayek similarly decried any recovery led by the “creation of artificial demand”.1	What's going on?1	There's still the question of how deep the slump will be.1	Via Mark Thoma — whom everyone interested in today's economic debates should check out daily — Thomas Laubach and John C. Williams of the Fed have a new paper updating their estimates of the natural real rate of interest.1	"The standard, textbook answer is that we should look at public goods — goods that are non rival and non excludable, so that the private sector won't provide them."1	"The answer, I think (slide 1), is that he basically supported an idealized TPP that could have been, but came out against the TPP that actually seems to be on the table."1	A fiscal response to a severe slump doesn't require committing yourself to changes once the storm has passed; it “only requires unusual action while the situation remains grave.” 2.1	"That is, it finds cases where spending cuts and/or tax hikes depress demand and hence investment."1	"There is no evidence that interest rates matter in that way, he says, and economists who talk about natural rates are simply engaged in groupthink."1	Don't tighten until you see the whites of inflation's eyes — and at this point there is absolutely zero sign that inflation is nigh.1	"So, I'm in jet lag city, which means that it's time for a euro update."1	So all that people who live in the intellectually hermetic world of the right ever hear is that government employment is soaring.1	"In normal times this privilege is worth something like $20-30 billion a year; that's not a tiny number, but it's only a small fraction of one percent of GDP."1	"Yes, IS-LM simplifies things a lot, and can't be taken as the final word."1	"The question one might ask is, why is Russia so vulnerable?"1	But this isn't as peculiar a development as it seems. 1	It's just a distraction from the real issues.1	And those who are determined to forget the past run a high risk of reliving it — which is why we're in the state we're in.1	But I guess such rules don't apply if you're a conservative.1	"And this isn't an ex-post rationale, it's what many of us were saying from the beginning."1	And that campaign began in earnest 150 years ago today.1	"I think it's important to be as clear as we can about the stakes and the real interests here, lest players stumble into a disaster they could and should have avoided."1	"I suspect that Rudi Dornbusch's influence was important here; as I and others have said many times, even a glance at the evidence on exchange rates and prices makes stickiness obvious, which is why international macro never went off the deep end as much as the rest of the field."1	"And I would say that for many economists of a certain age, the events of the early 1980s were especially important in convincing us that monetary policy can matter a lot."1	"It's true that globalization puts downward pressure on the wages of many workers — but progressives can offer a variety of responses to that pressure, whereas on the right, protectionism is all they've got."1	It's a pretty sorry spectacle.1	So what we have here is an empirical confirmation of the existence of the paradox of thrift!1	"(Maybe it's me, so I'm happy to stand corrected.)"1	"So have all the bubbleheads who expect housing-price crashes in Las Vegas or Naples, Florida, to bring down the consumer, the rest of the economy, and the entire stock market.” — Larry Kudlow, June 2005."1	The Very Serious People have a lot to answer for.1	It slices!1	But you still need “internal devaluation”: a sharp fall in costs and prices relative to the core.1	It has no first-starter effect.1	Core inflation is not used for things like calculating cost-of-living adjustments for Social Security; those use the regular CPI.1	"But to satisfy those who are for some reason nervous, here's a brief explanation of why somebody doesn't understand IS-LM."1	"But I say, oh yeah?"1	"Here's Fed holdings of long-term assets (agency debt plus long-term Treasury debt), from here, versus long-term bond rates: You can see a couple of pauses in the Fed's expansion of its holdings — and no relationship at all to rates."1	"Second, there's the misuse of Ricardian Equivalence."1	"Why, exactly, did we start running persistent deficits?"1	I can easily understand it when people don't know the facts about economic statistics; you need a fair bit of background knowledge even to know how to look these things up.1	"But when it turns out that the news wasn't really that bad, these sources just move on."1	We're still waiting for that to happen.1	"(Simulations show, by the way, that chance plus selection can indeed create an eye, in a relatively short time as evolutionary history goes)."1	"But a genuine government of the left, as opposed to the center-left, is very different — not because its policy ideas are wild and crazy, which they aren't, but because its officials are never going to be held in high esteem by the Davos set."1	What do we think about that (slide 7)?1	"First is the zero lower bound on the interest rate: after a sufficiently large shock, the Taylor rule may say that you should keep cutting rates, but you can't."1	"What he gets wrong is in the part I've elided with my “…”, in which he asserts that this is all behind us."1	That's about where we are now.1	"The answer is, an economy with three goods, which means that there are two relative prices."1	And we're not talking about matters of interpretation.1	"From IRS data, we find that Florida's tax payments to Washington fell approximately $25 billion between 2007 and 2010, the bottom of the slump."1	"Austerity in Britain is politically approved, so it is pronounced a success on the shakiest of grounds."1	"All this amounts to the single most compelling demonstration that prices are indeed sticky, with all that follows from that observation — in particular, the case for activist monetary and fiscal policies to fight slumps."1	"Anyway, Deaton is also a fine writer with important things to say about political economy."1	"Here are bond yields (monthly averages, with the most recent data standing in for September): Good for him."1	"Policies of this class are particularly apt to produce additional trouble for the future.” From Schumpeter's perspective, “depressions are not simply evils, which we might attempt to suppress, butforms of something which has to be done, namely, adjustment to change.” This socially productive function of depressions creates “the chief difficulty” faced by economic policy makers."1	"Globally, and for the most part even within countries, a rise in debt isn't an indication that we're living beyond our means, because as Fatas puts it, one person's debt is another person's asset; or as I equivalently put it, debt is money we owe to ourselves — an obviously true statement that, I have discovered, has the power to induce blinding rage in many people."1	"It's a close cousin to the Great Depression — milder, but recognizably the same sort of thing."1	"As I read it, as of 1813 there was only $7 million worth of coins in the hands of the U.S. public, versus $52 million in bank notes."1	"Bear in mind that the whole problem right now is that the private sector is hurting, it's spooked, and it's looking for safety."1	"What emerged, however, was hugely influential, even though I don't think many people regard it as the main explanation of currency volatility."1	"In the end, despite the existence of idle resources, bailouts and stimulus plans do not add to current resources in use."1	"Dean Baker weighs in on my secular stagnation piece, and argues that persistent trade deficits are a big part of the problem."1	"Since I'm taking a break from shoveling, I thought I might take a few minutes to address an issue that seems to confuse many people: the idea of core inflation."1	"It's the economy, stupid."1	"While we wait, however, a few informal, not very analytical thoughts on the Democratic race."1	"Consider, if you will, the contrast."1	"But you really don't want to provide, um, passive support to policy ideas that would make things much worse."1	"I met Silva Lopes in 1976, when I was part of a group of MIT grad students who spent the summer working at the Bank of Portugal, of which he was governor at the time."1	"The other, of course, involves orcs."1	What's going on?1	Everyone was doing rational expectations in some version — Olivier and I worked out the geometry of anticipated shocks (“you jump immediately onto a new path that brings you to the post-shock saddle path just when the shock hits”) on the lunchroom table.1	"What Smith didn't note, somewhat surprisingly, is that his argument is very close to Naomi Klein's Shock Doctrine, with its argument that elites systematically exploit disasters to push through neoliberal policies even if these policies are essentially irrelevant to the sources of disaster."1	What's the minimum interesting general equilibrium problem?1	What were they thinking?1	"If so, how long will that take?"1	"In fact, it shows no such thing; you can draw a similar chart for the Great Recession (slide 3), when we know that there was no upsurge in protectionism."1	"Again, the problem isn't even that Moore got the macroeconomics of recent years all wrong, although he did; it's the inability to write without making embarrassing mistakes."1	The blue line (right scale) is the output gap — the percentage difference between real GDP and the CBO's estimate of potential real GDP.1	"In particular, quite a few economists seemed utterly unaware that Say's Law – the proposition that supply creates its own demand, that shortfalls in aggregate demand were impossible – had been refuted three generations ago."1	What?1	"is living in a world of pure fantasy, in which supply-side policies can produce economic miracles despite abundant evidence that they do no such thing."1	It was also quite wrong.1	Was any concern expressed about how that would affect Europe-wide growth?1	Keynes disproved!)1	"The other thought I have is that if our view of the current crisis as largely a deleveraging shock is correct, and if our basic outline of how things work in the aftermath is also correct — both of which I believe — then the gods really hate us."1	"Clearly, this is a line of argument that people on the right really, really like for reasons that have nothing to do with intellectual coherence, so much so that famous monetary experts who have to know better fall meekly in line."1	"Most people don't realize that “the markets” are in reality 22-27 year old business school graduates, furiously concocting chaotic trading strategies on excel sheets and reporting to bosses perhaps 5 years senior to them."1	Their model also yields a simple expression for the welfare gains from trade (p. 15): Real income = A*(1-import share)^(-1/theta) where A is national productivity and theta is a parameter of their assumed random process (don't ask); they suggest that theta=4 provides the best match to available data.1	"One of the intellectually horrifying things about the response to economic crisis was the way many economists, some of them famous, reinvented old fallacies in the belief that they were saying something profound."1	That's bad for everybody.1	"Rules are set not in the public interest but in the interest of the rich, who use those rules to become yet richer and more influential."1	"But Trump is stuck in a time warp, making arguments that had some force when China was booming but none in the current situation."1	"It's the austerians who are inventing new economic doctrines on the fly to justify their policies, which appear to imply not temporary sacrifice but permanent failure."1	"I had a one-on-one encounter with Rand Paul over such a case; there our heads were, talking on TV, and he insisted that government employment had risen under Obama."1	"It assumes, implicitly, that debt is debt – that it doesn't matter who owes the money."1	"I think it's obvious why this approach was better suited for producing future central bank governors, chief economists, and even pundits than an approach that elevated purity over realism."1	"If the house is newly built, that's $100,000 of spending that takes place in the economy."1	"And it's often obvious that a large part of the reason some people want to change the subject is that they don't want to take a stand on austerity versus stimulus and all that, because taking a stand on either side will cause some people to yell at you."1	"And now that we're at the 150th anniversary of the raid, I'm going to have a chance to start indulging my U.S. Grant obsession."1	Why would anyone possibly think that 30s experience was relevant?1	"You don't have to literally believe your model — in fact, you're a fool if you do — to believe that putting together a simplified but complete account of how things work, with all the eyes crossed and teas dotted or something, helps you gain a much more sophisticated understanding of the real situation."1	"Still, it's useful, if only as an indicator of what passes for responsible, establishment policy in today's GOP."1	"On the contrary, it has imposed incredibly harsh austerity and substantial reforms on other fronts."1	"And that's one heck of a conspiracy theory, given that the Fed never said anything along those lines, insisting all along that it was intervening to support the economy and to defend price stability against the threat of below-target inflation — a defense of its actions completely borne out by events."1	"I've done a quick and dirty take on unemployment by occupation, looking at changes in unemployment rates from the 2007 business cycle peak to the unemployment peak in 2009-10, and then the subsequent decline; it looks like this: It's the same as the geographical story: the occupations that took the biggest hit have had the strongest recoveries."1	"Their medium-term fiscal outlooks are comparable, at least according to the IMF: Source: IMF But borrowing costs have soared in Spain, while falling in Britain: Source: Eurostat So the GOP has decided that we must reject the evils of fiat money and go for the gold standard at precisely the moment when events have demonstrated that fiat money is a really useful thing and the loss of flexibility that comes from ending fiat currencies can be utterly disastrous."1	"Everyone knows about the infamous open letter warning Ben Bernanke not to engage in quantitative easing, lest he cause inflation and currency debasement; many are also familiar with the remarkable unwillingness of that letter's signatories to admit, after more than four years of low inflation and a rising dollar, that they were wrong."1	It's worth noting that in his “it” speech Bernanke's more-or-less specific proposal was to set a ceiling on the yield on two-year securities.1	"One conclusion, I guess, is that Germany should try to sabotage Greece post-exit."1	"But macro, and especially liquidity trap macro, tends to be like that."1	somehow that got left in)1	"Now they and collaborators have a new piece on policy effects, especially fiscal multipliers."1	So why is it in fiscal crisis?1	"(If your worldview says that Stan Fischer and Olivier Blanchard must be dumb, you have a problem.)"1	"And they imagined that everyone else must see him the same way, that Trump's sneering at his war record would cause everyone to turn away in disgust."1	"And if we were at full employment, George Will's point would have been correct: interest rates would have gone up, because central banks would have raised rates to choke off potential inflation."1	Do Berlin and Brussels understand this?1	"In particular, commercial bankers really dislike a very low interest rate environment, because it's hard for them to make profits: there's a lower bound on the interest rates they can offer, and if lending rates are low that compresses their spread."1	"Actually, an anecdote: we were working in rented space outside the Bank proper, and there was a Soviet trade mission just upstairs."1	But back to the structure of academic economics.1	"With the severe financial crisis still relatively recent, and many people still expecting a V-shaped recovery, it didn't seem possible to persuade the Fed to commit to a permanent rise in the monetary base or a rise in the medium-run inflation target, nor did it seem possible to convince markets that there had been a long-run change in policy."1	When it turns out not to be true — crickets!1	"I mentioned one of Charlie Kindleberger's aphorisms earlier today, about taking the first bite of the cherry; another was that “Anyone who spends too much time thinking about international money goes a bit mad.” What he meant by that is that there's something about the subject of reserve currencies that makes people want to believe that it's a really important issue — that the dollar's special role is an important part of American power."1	"You may ask, what is the long-run equilibrium real exchange rate?"1	"There's really nothing more outsiders can say, at least in public, that we haven't already said."1	"In the light of this brief survey of the characteristics of the labor supply and the probable demand for labor, what is the outlook for unemployment?"1	The other alternative — the road we're actually traveling down — is one in which all of these adjustments need to happen piecemeal.1	They suggest that hitting the zero lower bound may have been crucial.1	"“For many people of wealth, they've had a crushing setback as well.” He described a feeling of “malaise” and a “paralysis that does not allow one to believe that generally things are going to get better,” listing geopolitical hot spots such as Iran and low interest rates that have been “artificially manipulated” by the Federal Reserve."1	"In short, the responsible thing is just to accept 10 percent unemployment."1	I've played that game and lived that life; I've even written about it.1	"And yet another: at the time, Portugal, as a low-wage nation within Europe, exported a lot of apparel."1	"What the analysis shows is that prolonged periods of economic weakness are, with almost no exceptions, associated with falling inflation rates."1	"And here's Cochrane: First, if money is not going to be printed, it has to come from somewhere."1	"One possibility was that there wasn't as much slack in the economy as we thought, that a lot of the problem was structural rather than cyclical."1	So I don't think anyone really believes.1	"It would, indeed, be more sensible to build houses and the like; but if there are political and practical difficulties in the way of this, the above would be better than nothing."1	"Nor does having the support of a powerful person do very much; you can be the favorite student of the top person in your subfield, but that won't do more than get your foot in the door."1	"It's a gradual, long-drawn-out response, because location decisions have a lot of inertia; few people would choose de novo to live in the old industrial towns of upstate New York, but the existing housing stock and the fact that people have family and social networks prevent quick abandonment."1	"I'll use 2, which is an optimistic estimate for current purposes: it says that you have to raise real GDP by 2 percent from what it would otherwise have been to reduce the unemployment rate 1 percentage point from what it would otherwise have been."1	51	"But it's really important to step away from the math and drop the jargon every once in a while, and not just as a public service."1	This money is overwhelmingly flowing to Republicans.1	"Larry has had his time running the world, but right now he sounds exactly like me: “Deflation and secular stagnation are the threats of our time."1	What I mean by that is that if you came into the crisis with a broadly Hicksian view of aggregate demand you did quite well.1	"A number of pundits are turning up the volume on demands that the White House offer a jobs plan based on new infrastructure spending, a long-term deficit plan that includes taxes and entitlement cuts and a market-based health care plan, among other requests."1	"But that's a dwindling minority — and the effect of, say, 1 or 2 percent higher inflation isn't going to be enormous even for this minority."1	"Not according to Blanchard and Katz, who found that wages played hardly any role in US regional adjustments to shocks, that it was all about labor mobility."1	"So Fed policy, by moving interest rates, normally exerts its effect mainly through housing."1	"That's a transfer, not a loan."1	"The foundations for the shock were laid by a long period of relative stability, especially low inflation; it's very hard for policy makers to accept that what was good in 2000 or even 2007 is no longer at all good now that Minsky has struck."1	"But now something has happened – say, the collapse of a land bubble – that has forced the Sams to stop borrowing, and indeed to pay down their debt."1	So Lucas came up with a story: it was all about imperfect information.1	"I mean, really, guys — this is all over the blogosphere; did you really think you could get away with pretending it was never there?"1	I doubt there's much crude corruption going on at this level (or am I naive?1	"If it can increase aggregate demand, it can fight both deflation and unemployment; if not, not."1	"So, how big should the government be?"1	"The diagram below shows two hypothetical IS curves, one for 2006, when the US was arguably at full employment, one for this year."1	"Still, secular stagnation – as opposed to liquidity-trap analysis in general – is concerned with excess saving that lasts a very long time, that's quasi-permanent."1	Increases in the money supply do nothing at all.1	"Actually, the latter episode should be an object lesson for anyone talking tough about trade. "1	"Does this explain the puzzling divergence between the views of Fed officials and those of outsiders like Larry Summers (and yours truly) who have a similar model of how the world works, but are horrified by the eagerness to raise rates while inflation is still below target?"1	"Well, no – of course we want to understand such things as well as we can, but is it really unreasonable to assume that lower interest rates mean higher demand under pretty much any detailed story?"1	"When Japan loosens money, it creates an incentive to move funds abroad, causing the yen to fall."1	"On one side, central banks focused on stable inflation may think they're doing a good job — because where's the deflation?"1	"Antonio Fatas, commenting on recent work on deleveraging or the lack thereof, emphasizes one of my favorite points: no, debt does not mean that we're stealing from future generations."1	"So here's a picture you probably haven't seen: the IMF's estimates of the cyclically adjusted primary balances of eurozone countries in 2014: Greece is, by this measure, the most fiscally responsible, indeed crazily austere, nation in Europe."1	"L-W attribute the decline in the natural rate largely to the slowing of potential output, which in turn reflects demography and what looks like a slowdown in technological progress."1	My favorite of these approaches is to think of IS-LM as a way to reconcile two seemingly incompatible views about what determines interest rates.1	"Chris Giles of the FT reports that central bankers are worried that they are “flying blind”; he quotes Lorenzo Bibi-Smaghi, formerly of the ECB governing board, saying “We don't fully understand what is happening in advanced economies.” Um, guys, that's because you don't want to understand."1	"That's because in economics as in life, and as the bumper stickers don't quite say, stuff happens."1	"Keynesians have, over all, had a very good track record in this economic crisis; one indication of just how good is the remarkable extent to which people on the other side have had attack people like me for supposed wrong predictions we never, in fact, made (you endorsed Obama's economic projections!"1	So here goes.1	"Chinese businesses were investing furiously, not to build capacity to serve consumers, who weren't buying much, but to serve buyers of investment goods — in effect, investing to take advantage of future investment, adding even more capacity."1	"The article is titled “Refocus The Fed On Price Stability Instead Of Bailing Out Fiscal Policy”, and the text matches that theme: This looks an awful lot like an attempt to bail out fiscal policy, and such attempts call the Fed's independence into question."1	… To worry about these consequences of extreme inequality has nothing to do with being envious of the rich and everything to do with the fear that rapidly growing top incomes are a threat to the wellbeing of everyone else.1	The knowledge that S=I doesn't imply the Treasury view — the general understanding that macroeconomics is more than supply and demand plus the quantity equation — somehow got lost in much of the profession.1	"Jon Hilsenrath has a nice piece on the puzzles of gradual deflation, Japan-style."1	"But the view I used to hold before 1998 — that central banks can always cause inflation if they really want to — just doesn't hold up, theoretically or empirically."1	The flat section represents the zero lower bound.1	What Keynes pointed out was that this picture is incomplete if you allow for the possibility that the economy is not at full employment.1	"The line from people there, including the president, has been that it was too technocratic."1	"Partly, I think, there's an economics-specific aspect: anti-Keynesian macroeconomics is a comfortable position, because it involves a return to notions of perfect markets and perfectly rational individuals; so the anti-Keynesians find it hard to leave that comfort zone, while even Keynesians sort of liked introducing a bit more rationality into their models."1	And when I look around I realize that our disagreement over coffee is part of a wider split.1	"I'd think of myself as having held, from early days, four main views that were at odds with a substantial number of other commentators."1	"But as Mark Weisbrot has been saying for years, this gets the story fundamentally wrong."1	So where are Romney and his party coming from?1	"This is about the business cycle, and about business cycle policy."1	The FT has an interesting although garbled story about Finland's economic woes.1	"If you have a lot of foreign-currency-denominated debt, this could actually shift IS left through balance-sheet effects, as we learned in the Asian crisis."1	"But – you probably guessed where I'm going – what if even a zero rate isn't low enough; that is, low enough to induce enough dissaving on the part of the Janets to match the savings of the Sams?"1	"Finally, there's The Box — containerization, which made the vertical disintegration of production, with separate stages carried out in far-distant nations, possible."1	"I don't want to minimize those problems; some countries, such as Ireland, are being forced into fiscal contraction even in the face of severe recession."1	"Here's one of their charts, with the top half showing inflation and the bottom half showing unemployment: Not the cleanest dynamics in the world, but the basic point should be clear: cutting inflation would require a temporary surge in unemployment."1	"If you read the linked piece, you see that Union cavalry had to make heroic efforts simply to move across the flooded landscape, building corduroy roads as it went."1	What does this situation look like in terms of loanable funds?1	"In fact, many of the bad things we associate with globalization in America were political choices, not necessary consequences — and they didn't happen in other advanced countries, even though those countries faced the same global forces we did."1	"It assumes, implicitly, that debt is debt – that it doesn't matter who owes the money."1	"But let me note, as I have before, that what Europe calls technocrats aren't people who know how the world works; they're people who subscribe to the approved fantasies, and never change their minds no matter how badly wrong things go."1	Not so good for Japan or the US.1	"But the Sams are balance-sheet constrained, while the Janets aren't, so this is a net positive for aggregate demand."1	The trouble in Finland is what everyone expected to go wrong with the euro.1	And that kind of integrity did not manifest itself.1	"But I think it helps clear things up to put all of that aside for a bit and focus on the aspect of the situation that isn't a matter of definitions: Greece's primary surplus, the difference between what it takes in via taxes and what it spends on things other than interest."1	"And the economics profession, it turns out, is not that different from the political sphere."1	"Um, no — it wouldn't, and anyway who cares?"1	"There were people like that during the Great Depression too — dismissing as naive any notion that you could put the unemployed back to work just by spending more, and surely technological unemployment was the real story, and anyway we should be looking at the broad sweep of history and institutions, right?"1	A few examples.1	"And as you may recall, some people did predict just that — and ended up not just with egg on their faces, but losing a lot of money for their investors."1	The good news is that there was a real policy debate going on within the G.O.P. last week.1	But how much of a demand shock is shared?1	"Well, we should never forget that in a direct sense, protecting intellectual property means creating a monopoly – letting the holders of a patent or copyright charge a price for something (the use of knowledge) that has a zero social marginal cost."1	"Meanwhile, the irresponsible bearded professors are actually the custodians of traditional wisdom."1	"So I think Krugmanization is a great idea, although I would, wouldn't I?"1	I ran into Olivier Blanchard over breakfast the other day.1	"Right now I'm getting the kind of correspondence I usually get from Rush Limbaugh listeners, although this time it's from the left — I'm a crook, I'm a Hillary crony, etc., etc.. OK, been there before — back in 2008 I was even the subject of tales about my son working for the Clintons, which was surprising because I don't have a son."1	"So if you see these things it isn't a refutation of the approach, it's actually what the model predicts."1	"Link fixed In this morning's session, I found myself using various metaphors to explain pretty much the same points I made in today's column."1	And they don't even seem to know what they don't know; there has been an awful lot of Dunning-Kruger effect at work in some of these debates.1	"You might ask, how does this list compare with similar lists you might draw up for other schools, Chicago in particular?"1	But it just occurred to me that there may be an even more intuitive way to see just how wrong this is: think about what happens when a family buys a house with a 30-year mortgage.1	So what's going on?1	"The rise of the US sunbelt can be understood largely as a response to the emergence of widespread air conditioning, which made places that are warm in the winter attractive despite humid, muggy summers."1	It's not that laypeople don't understand what the academics are saying.1	But I did want to share a thought from the past few days.1	"But this is a pet peeve of mine, in an area where I really, truly know what I'm talking about."1	"There are reasons to be against protectionism, but that's not one of them."1	"On the contrary, it can – and the alternative is a prolonged period of economic weakness that actually makes the debt problem harder to resolve."1	Japan's lost decade:1	"Via FT Alphaville, James Montier has an interesting piece castigating economists for their “interest rate idolatry”, their belief that central bank-set interest rates matter a lot for the economy and that therefore it is useful, at least conceptually, to think about the “natural” rate of interest that would lead the economy to full employment."1	But the whole premise of those who fear the consequences of delay misses the point.1	Most of us argued long before there was a Sanders candidacy that the focus on Glass-Steagall and too-big-to-fail was misguided.1	"On Friday I started hearing from friends about a fake story making the rounds about my allegedly filing for personal bankruptcy; I even got asked about the story by a reporter from Russian television, who was very embarrassed when I told him it was fake."1	"OK, I'm an evil person — and my scheming has paid off."1	At this point a reasonable estimate for the Greek multiplier is on the order of 1.3.1	"But for the school of thought — a school that didn't and doesn't have the backing of powerful interests, that doesn't appeal to the intuition of whoever it is that watches CNBC — to achieve the kind of influence it has, the approach had to work."1	A foolish insistence on microfoundations at all times and no matter what the issue is the hobgoblin of little minds.1	"Joe Nocera writes about Thursday's New York Revie/PEN event on the economy, but fails to mention what I found the most depressing aspect of the whole thing: further confirmation that we're living in a Dark Age of macroeconomics, in which hard-won knowledge has simply been forgotten."1	"Suppose GDP rises; some of this increase in income will be saved, pushing the savings schedule to the right."1	"But compared with the people predicting a V-shaped recovery, soaring rates, and/or hyperinflation by 2010, not too bad."1	"The other says that the interest rate is determined by the tradeoff between bonds, which pay interest, and money, which doesn't, but which you can use for transactions and therefore has special value due to its liquidity – the “liquidity preference” approach."1	"As David Beckworth rightly points out, it's not just about gaining a competitive advantage."1	"), but officials at public monetary institutions — certainly the BIS, but also the Fed — are constantly holding meetings with, having lunch with, commercial bankers who have a personal stake in seeing rates go up no matter what the macro situation."1	So can we get back to serious stuff?1	"Second, he suggests that public debt levels have historically been too low, not too high."1	And suppose that this threatens to push the Wicksellian natural rate of interest – the rate of interest at which desired savings and investment would be equal at full employment — below zero.1	What I've been doing; en route home.1	"For example, Gavyn Davies frames it as a choice between recovery and fiscal sustainability, although he sort of acknowledges that this may be a false dilemma."1	"Each time it has turned out that the Keynesians understood the concepts perfectly well, and that it was the anti-Keynesians, in their haste to cry “Gotcha!”, who were making elementary logical errors or suffering failures of reading comprehension."1	So here's what I think they're thinking — and why it's wrong-headed.1	So how is it that policy is so confused and lost?1	"Now, we've been in a liquidity trap for the whole Obama administration so far, giving fiscal policy a much more central role — and the initial stimulus did help quite a lot."1	"And for my sins, I actually get the reference."1	"A different kind of objection involves what, exactly, is going on behind these curves."1	But what really happened in the early 80s was a decisive refutation of Lucasian macroeconomics — albeit a refutation met in many places with denial.1	It slices!1	"Part of the answer is that it's really hard for non-economists — and many economists, too!"1	CBO has not changed its view that the ACA will reduce the deficit; health costs have not increased faster than before; premiums are not skyrocketing.1	It was the dominant view in academic macroeconomics.1	"As Francesco Saraceno notes, the IMF's research department, which was always excellent, has become an extraordinary source of information and ideas in this Age of Blanchard."1	And that's why the misguided policies that are tearing Europe apart are such a tragedy.1	This in turn tells you several things.1	"But it's also true that drastic effects of terms of trade shocks are a fairly common phenomenon in developing countries where the private sector has substantial foreign-currency debt: the initial effect of a drop in export prices is a fall in the currency, this creates balance sheet problems for private debtors whose debts suddenly grow in domestic value, this further weakens the economy and undermines confidence, and so on."1	"That didn't happen, which should make you wonder what exactly they mean by saying that rates are artificially low."1	"So, can we say anything about how the recent move in the euro fits into this story?"1	An analysis of labor market data suggests that there are no structural changes that can explain movements in unemployment rates over recent years.1	"Here's the data from 1996 to 2008, with inflation measured by the GDP deflator and interest rates measured by 6-month Libor: OK, it's not full equalization."1	"Grant had completely outmaneuvered Lee several times, for example at Petersburg, which should have been a Vicksburg-style sweep, only to have the moment thrown away by sluggish commanders; the same thing happened to Sheridan in the Valley."1	What would it mean to relax that target?1	But the recessions of that era were very different from the recessions since.1	"No; as I wrote in a little paper at the time, once everyone who could go bankrupt had, any further depreciation would be expansionary."1	Probably not so much.1	"It's hard to get onto the circuit — it takes at least two really good papers, one to get noticed and a second to show that the first wasn't a fluke — but once you are in, the constant round of conferences and invited papers makes it easy to stay in."1	"By the way, I've said this before."1	"Sorry, but this is just destructive — like the Obama plan, the Clinton plan offers subsidies to lower-income families."1	What's so mind-boggling about this is that it commits one of the most basic fallacies in economics — interpreting an accounting identity as a behavioral relationship.1	"If U.S. corporations were able to use the threat of imports to smash unions, it was only because our political environment supported union-busting. "1	But you couldn't see it on TV — until now.1	"Instead, the power of the creditors over Greece comes via the ability to crash the Greek banking system, which is heavily dependent on the ability to borrow at need from the ECB."1	"And yet as far as I can tell almost everyone on the freshwater side of this divide did get it wrong, and has yet to acknowledge the error."1	"Second, there's a level of cynicism, of willingness to play politics with foreign affairs, on one side that isn't matched on the other."1	The bad news is that it was junk economics on both sides.1	"Ever-growing trade relative to GDP isn't a natural law, it's just something that happened to result from the policies and technologies of the past few generations."1	"More broadly, many of the people who either make monetary policy or comment on it from fairly influential perches are members of what you might call the 1970s Cambridge mafia."1	"Furthermore, as Wren-Lewis says, even if there is somehow a squeeze on long-term bonds, why can't the central bank just buy them up?"1	Sigh.1	"Health reform, in fact, as actually enacted is much more like her proposal in 2008 than Obama's — during that campaign Obama ran some quite ugly Harry-and-Louise type ads attacking the individual mandate, which she correctly insisted was essential."1	"Despite a striking lack of evidence that “structural reform” delivers much of a growth boost, especially in an economy suffering from a huge output gap, they continue to present structural reform — mainly in the form of disempowering workers — as a sovereign remedy for all ills."1	"Seeing some growth in Ireland, then, is not at all a refutation of Keynesian economics — it's exactly what you'd expect, given that Ireland is in fact gradually achieving an “internal devaluation” via relative deflation."1	A followup to my post inspired by troubles in Finland: it's worth emphasizing just how bad Finland's performance has been.1	Here are the numbers: I think you can make a strong case that if Texas had been an independent country in 1986-87 it would have experienced a huge financial and fiscal crisis.1	"Once you accept the possibility that rates belong where they are, or even a bit lower, to correspond to the Wicksellian natural rate, you also conclude that asset prices might make sense; and once you concede that asset prices might make sense, you lose the supposed evidence that rates are all wrong."1	"The only way permanently to “mobilize” all available resources is, therefore, not to use artificial stimulants—whether during a crisis or thereafter—but to leave it to time to effect a permanent cure by the slow process of adapting the structure of production to the means available for capital purposes."1	"Really, this wasn't and isn't hard."1	"It's a clever idea, but I think incomplete."1	Math can be a powerful clarifying tool.1	That hasn't stopped the 10-year interest rate on its outstanding debt from reflecting investors' perception of its underlying solvency:1	"Well, everyone."1	"So what we get instead is a whitewashing of the intellectual history, in which Fed critics are portrayed as making arguments that haven't been shown to be ridiculous."1	"Again, if someone from the center-left were to produce an economic analysis this tendentious, this much at odds with decades of mainstream economics, it would be met with incredulity."1	"But back to my main point: if you just can't believe I'm saying the things I say, at least consider the possibility that you're the one who just doesn't get it."1	"So, think about macro as David Romer presented it back in 2000 (pdf)."1	"But it has done what good economic models are supposed to do: make sense of what we see, and make highly useful predictions about what would happen in unusual circumstances."1	"For those who haven't been following, Gauti has really been taking the lead in trying to model policy when interest rates are up against the zero lower bound; what we're doing here is trying to apply his expertise to the problem of how to think about what happens in a “Minsky moment,” when everyone decides that debt is too high."1	The most persuasive evidence that the US may face secular stagnation comes from the lackluster recovery of 2001-2007.1	"In that case the dollar doesn't move, and the bulk of the demand surge stays in the US."1	"So that's around $75 billion in aid — not loans, outright transfer."1	Steve Rattner has a very puzzling piece in today's Times.1	"And fiscal contraction in a liquidity trap seems to be absolutely terrible for the long run as well as the short run, and quite possibly counterproductive even in purely fiscal terms."1	"The original post:  Sam, Janet, and Fiscal Policy One of the common arguments against fiscal policy in the current situation – one that sounds sensible – is that debt is the problem, so how can debt be the solution?"1	"it would have taken a lot of intellectual integrity to admit that they might have been premature, that their models weren't working and that maybe there was something in that Keynesian stuff after all."1	And that is why we have statistics.1	"One of my favorite Keynes quotes comes from Essays in Persuasion, in which he tried to explain the nature of the Great Depression, which was still in its early stages, and declared that “we have magneto [alternator] trouble.” The economic engine was as powerful as ever — but one crucial part was malfunctioning, and needed to be fixed."1	There's been a really interesting back and forth between Ben Bernanke and Larry Summers over secular stagnation.1	"OK, we can soften this result by bringing in the effect of falling Greek prices on exports, which should boost economic growth."1	"And that's a slow, painful process."1	"But houses last a long time and don't become obsolete (the same is true to some extent for business structures, but in a more limited form)."1	Back to the gold standard!1	"Basically, we're looking at the people who brought you the financial crisis trying to buy the chance to do it all over again."1	"What this literature argues is that, probably due to bounded rationality, there's some downward inflexibility in prices and wages even after expectations have had time to fully adjust."1	"Matthew Yglesias finds John Cochrane ridiculing the notion that devaluation makes it easier to bring a country's relative wages down, whereas the empirical evidence is overwhelming that devaluation does, in fact, do just that."1	"The basics: while there have been many articles discussing and either celebrating or deploring the influence of the Chicago School, it's a less often noted fact that right now a remarkable number of the professional economists who either play important roles in making policy or appear to have influence on the discussion got their Ph.Ds from MIT in the second half of the 1970s."1	The bottom line in all this is that we don't need the Chinese to keep interest rates down.1	"And we have often been told that everyone understands that the official target surplus, 4.5 percent of GDP, is unreasonable and unattainable."1	"So I don't buy the notion that rates are low only because the Fed is doing QE2; if there were really a problem with the marketability of US debt, rates would be high regardless."1	"However this dispute eventually pans out, one thing should be clear: whether or not sluggish recovery from financial crisis is the norm, this particular episode didn't have to happen."1	He is already on record as an ardent supporter of a return to gold.1	"The capacity is there, and nothing about the fact that some people have too much debt makes it impossible to use that capacity to produce goods and services for other people."1	Ben Bernanke's Brookings blog begins!1	In that direct sense this introduces a distortion that makes the world a bit poorer.1	"In fact, that's the essential insight of IS-LM: both liquidity preference and loanable funds are true, which is possible because both the interest rate and income are adjusting variables."1	"If true, this says that we have a problem that must be solved with policies that boost demand."1	And there isn't.1	"I didn't know him well, but like everyone in international economics, I was greatly informed by his work."1	They're not the curves that actually apply when the economy is operating below full employment.1	"You would think that at some point they'd catch on, and realize that New Keynesian economics may be wrong, but it's not stupid, and neither are the people who do it."1	"I'm supposed to do a presentation next week about “shifts in economic models,” which has me trying to systematize my thought about what the crisis and aftermath have and haven't changed my understanding of macroeconomics."1	It's actually kind of amazing.1	"But in any case, this is really sad: John Hicks knew far more about this in 1937 than people who think they're sophisticates know now."1	"The first page looked like this: You can see the unemployment forecast, with the amazing 2.8 percent prediction, in the fourth set of figures."1	"So here's William Cohan in the Times, declaring that the Fed should “show some spine” and raise rates even though there is no sign of accelerating inflation."1	"That was dead wrong, and the ECB — which believed in the inflation threat and raised rates — clearly made a big mistake."1	"I ran my own version of their simulations for a hypothetical country — call it Osbornia — which starts with debt at 100 percent of GDP and a budget deficit that would, left to itself, be consistent with a stable debt ratio thanks to 2 percent growth and 2 percent inflation."1	"Human beings just don't handle the very long run well — call it hyperbolic discounting, call it bounded rationality, whatever, our brains are designed to cope with the ancestral savannah and not late-stage capitalist finance."1	"There's an extensive, mostly positive discussion of bank notes in Adam Smith's Wealth of Nations."1	"In fact, if anything it finds that business investment has held up a bit better than one might have expected in the face of economic weakness: This is, interestingly, something I concluded a while back looking at U.S. data, during the height of the he's-looking-at-me-funny era."1	— and has been wrong year after year.1	But both were followed by prolonged “jobless recoveries” that felt like continuing recessions.1	"At the very least, you'd think he would have learned a lesson from the experience."1	We are not talking about whether Greece will pay its debt.1	Let me offer my own two short subjective lists.1	"Also, and I think harder to forgive, is the way many commentators seem oblivious to how we got here."1	And I am pinching myself at the realization that this seemingly whimsical and arcane discussion is turning out to have real policy significance.1	"In part this is because a weaker economy shrinks revenues, offsetting a large part of the direct austerity."1	Today's employment report continued the pattern we've been seeing for a while.1	This would greatly encourage challengers to austerity and internal devaluation elsewhere.1	"Now, it's true that single-payer systems in other advanced countries are much cheaper than our health care system."1	"Yes, we have large budget deficits — but those deficits have arisen mainly as the flip side of a collapse in private spending and borrowing."1	"The whole point of that paper was that when you're up against the zero lower bound, it doesn't matter how much money you print — not unless you credibly promise higher inflation."1	"Still, it's pretty striking just how fast the financial situation seems to be unraveling."1	"It shouldn't try to manipulate the interest rates of the free market, or get involved in business cycles at all."1	"Kind of different, isn't it?"1	"For one thing, it attacks not just QE2, which was about to commence, but QE1 — the Fed's intervention during the chaotic post-Lehman period — which is generally considered to have been quite effective."1	In a sense the debt is an accounting fiction; it's whatever the governments trying to dictate terms to Greece decide to say it is.1	"Now we face the prospect of a prolonged period of near-zero short-term rates — I don't see any reason for the Fed funds rate to rise for at least a year, and probably two — which should mean substantially lower long rates even if you expect yields eventually to rise back to 2005 levels."1	"And Europe, which has a compact geography and the kind of shared institutions and culture (and transparency) that make access doable, is surely a better case than the diverse, sprawling group of countries involved in TPP."1	But didn't the Smoot-Hawley tariff cause the Great Depression?1	"Despite large deficits, the Federal government is able to borrow cheaply, at rates that are up from the early post-Lehman period, when market were pricing in a substantial probability of a second Great Depression, but well below the pre-crisis levels: Underlying these low rates is, in turn, the fact that overall borrowing by the nonfinancial sector hasn't risen: the surge in government borrowing has in fact, less than offset a plunge in private borrowing."1	"Despite the overwhelming evidence that austerity has exactly the dire effects basic textbook macro says it will, they cling to belief in the confidence fairy."1	"It makes no sense, then, to claim that following the rule just so happens to be exactly what we need to avoid crises."1	"This is pretty close to the argument that we must have austerity, because stimulus might remove the incentive for structural reform that, you guessed it, gives businesses the confidence they need before deigning to produce recovery."1	So I think that progressives should be cheering Trump on (which is why my secret committee has been orchestrating that conspiracy Cruz talks about.)1	"Keynesians came into the Volcker disinflation — yes, it was mainly the Fed's doing, not Reagan's — with a standard, indeed textbook, model of what should happen."1	"In a world that is short of demand, how, exactly, is structural reform that enhances the supply side (if it does) supposed to solve the problem?"1	"Still, it's something people think about, and I found myself trying to clarify things with a silly diagram."1	When do the people of the afflicted economies say that they can bear no more?1	"The question is important because central banks may be able to reduce unemployment that is cyclic in nature, but not that which is structural."1	"Mark Thoma sends us to John Cassidy on the absence of really new ideas in this crisis — largely because we didn't need new ideas, all we needed for the most part was to remember things that we somehow forgot."1	Here's what I imagine Niall Ferguson was thinking: he was thinking of the interest rate as determined by the supply and demand for savings.1	"I never got around to commenting on the infamous Economist list of influential economists; they've been given plenty of deserved grief, to which I needn't add."1	"For the Sams to do this, of course, the Janets must be prepared to dissave, to run down their assets."1	"; people like Geithner who opposed stronger action were basing their position on gut feelings about confidence, not number-crunching."1	"Hey, it worked for me."1	"Well, we've seen enough of that sort of thing not to dismiss the possibility."1	"Ladies and gentlemen, the man President Obama chose to co-chair his deficit commission: “This is a fakery,” Simpson said on Fox News."1	"And of course, now we're all Japanese."1	"By now, the centrist dodge ought to be familiar."1	So what are the people complaining about artificially low rates talking about?1	What would they think would happen instead?1	"In any case, this is more or less the state of the practical art, and I'm delighted to learn that he's put it together."1	"The BIS, however, wants governments as well as households to retrench — I'm kind of surprised that it doesn't also call for everyone to run a trade surplus; it wants interest rates raised right away; and — in a clear sign that it isn't being coherent — it includes a box declaring that deflation isn't so bad, after all."1	Nor is China alone. 1	"Attacks on immigrants are still the central theme of the Republican front-runner's campaign, but he has opened a second front on trade deficits, which he asserts are being caused by the currency manipulation of other countries, especially China."1	"Ryan basically proposes three big things: slashing Medicaid, cutting taxes on corporations and high-income people, and replacing Medicare with a drastically less well funded voucher system."1	"People in that camp tuned out alternative views more than 30 years ago, so all they observe is their own repetitional universe."1	"What it doesn't say explicitly is that in using this procedure, it manages in passing both to refute a very widely held but false belief about deficits and to confirm a highly controversial Keynesian proposition."1	"And everyone has just seen the punishment for too much debt; asking others to run up debt to help fix the problem, even though it's right, is unavoidably a tough sell."1	"Meanwhile, people deciding how to allocate their wealth are making tradeoffs between money and bonds."1	"Geometrically, you can represent equilibrium in a three-good economy in a space defined by the two relative prices."1	So what's the context?1	We need a term for beliefs based on reports that have been superseded; maybe fossils instead of zombies.1	"Still, the trade dispute is a revealing fight, on both sides."1	"For those new to the term, the natural rate is a standard economic concept dating back a century; it's the rate of interest at which the economy is neither depressed and deflating nor overheated and inflating."1	"The thing is, all it took to get this right was understanding IS-LM, and taking it seriously."1	Nobody has ever produced a coherent story about how Fed policy can drive interest rates below their natural level without inflationary effects.1	"… Crowding out, overheating and rising interest rates are also not likely to be a problem as there is no competition for funds from the private sector."1	That's more speculative.1	"These past few years have been lean times in many respects — but they've been boom years for agonizingly dumb, pound-your-head-on-the-table economic fallacies."1	"For years those of us pointing to low interest rates as evidence that fiscal scolds were all wrong met, over and over again, one stock answer: those low rates were meaningless, because the Fed was buying up government bonds and keeping rates artificially low."1	He's completely right about the economics.1	"First of all, it helps you avoid fallacies like the notion that because savings must equal investment, government spending cannot lead to a rise in total spending – which right away puts us above the level of argument that famous Chicago professors somehow find convincing."1	"So what we've got here is an assertion that bad things will happen if you do certain things, without either any evidence to that effect or any explanation of why those things should happen."1	And inflation did indeed come down — eventually.1	Even deep voodoo isn't enough to turn that number positive; so much for any notion that Republicans cared about fiscal responsibility.1	"And MIT students developed a style that was either wonderfully pragmatic or disgustingly lacking in rigor, depending on your tastes: models derived from microfoundations were always the goal, but when observed experience was clearly at odds with what the models predicted, you'd just impose realistic behavior and leave its ultimate explanation as a project for the future."1	"Analytically, empirically, the MIT style has had an astonishing triumph."1	2:1?1	"Gillian Tett feels sorry for BIll Gross, who was caught unaware by the sudden shift in bond market behavior."1	"First, Friedman (why oh why isn't there a full electronic copy of this essay online?"1	Update: Some readers are portraying Grant as a crude attrition-type general based on his record in Virginia.1	"As he notes, many economists see low rates as a natural (in both the colloquial and Wicksellian sense) response to a weak economy; but he respectfully cites the Bank for International Settlements, which argues that low rates are a source of terrible economic distortions."1	"During the runup to Maastricht, there were a number of studies of the US — a currency union that functions reasonably well."1	"If you're generally a supporter of open world markets — which you should be, mainly because market access is so important to poor countries — you need to know that whatever they may say, politicians who espouse rigid free-market ideology are not on your side."1	"I'm not sure — in a highly indebted society, you might hesitate at policies that would increase private debt further, but if stocks are driving the story, the consumers now spending more aren't the same people who are in debt trouble — so that's actually OK. And as for the weaker dollar, if the Chinese and the Brazilians don't like it, they are free to let their currencies appreciate."1	"Has any serious presidential candidate had to undergo that kind of grilling, demonstrate that much sheer physical stamina and sustained intellectual discipline?"1	(Laughs.)1	Keep your eyes on that ball.1	"And you know, that experience — and specifically the collapse of the money multiplier when you hit the zero lower bound — had been extensively discussed in this 1998 paper (pdf)."1	"France is supposed to be a terrible failure, because it still believes in a strong welfare state — and so it is reported as a failure, never mind the numbers."1	Nor is it news that such people know things that ain't so.1	How times have changed.1	"The problem is a technical one, but with possibly large significance."1	"and Trump tax cuts, but that's enough to get the shape of things — and to make a comparison with the W cuts."1	"Well, my guess is that it's the habits that come from the economists' reputation-based hierarchy interacting with the insularity of the freshwater macro school."1	One big problem has been the absence of deflation.1	"Over the long run, however, industrial production and GDP grow at roughly equal rates."1	"But the BIS either doesn't understand that model's implications, or doesn't care."1	"First, as Bernanke stressed, long-term interest rates have moved very similarly across a wide range of countries, including countries where the central bank is buying up lots of bonds and countries where it isn't."1	"After all, W pretended simply to be handing back a budget surplus; today's GOP has spent years hyperventilating about deficits."1	"Britain did not emerge impoverished from the Napoleonic Wars; the government ended up with a lot of debt, but the counterpart of this debt was that the British propertied classes owned a lot of consols."1	But maybe that's the explanation: McCulley has moved on.1	"I do want to register one point, however: In my field there is indeed a problem with abstruseness, with the many academics who never even try to put their thoughts in plain language."1	Maybe it's because those tricksy Fed officials started paying all of 25 basis points on reserves (Japan never paid such interest).1	"Twice now — first with the LTRO last fall, then with the plan to buy sovereign debt, he has stepped in to limit runaway bond yields, short-circuiting a possible financial “death spiral” of falling bond prices, collapsing banks, and high-speed capital flight."1	But the truth is that freshwater macro has been failing empirical tests for decades.1	"But this time, although the slump in per capita GDP never got quite as deep, has been far more persistent: Why can't Finland recover this time?"1	"); more crucially, someone seems confused about the difference between wages and unit labor costs."1	"Five or six years ago, this was all about the allegedly imminent risk of high inflation."1	"These commonalities are, of course, all interrelated."1	Another question we might ask: Is our conservatives learning?1	So why this divide?1	"To claim that it's effectively a gift you have to claim that the prices the Fed is paying are artificially high, or equivalently that interest rates are being pushed artificially low."1	Brad DeLong is upset about the stuff coming out of Chicago these days — and understandably so.1	"The natural model to use, at least for me, is Eaton-Kortum (pdf), which is a very ingenious approach to thinking about multilateral trade flows."1	"Anyway, it's striking."1	"First of all, what would things look like if the debt situation were perfectly OK?"1	"The bond vigilantes aren't invisible in Moscow — 10-year interest rates, which were below 8 percent early this year, hit 12.67 percent today."1	"That's right: in the depths of the Great Depression, wise heads proclaimed the problem one of structural unemployment, which obviously could not be cured just by increasing demand."1	"I'll see your Dick Morris (who cares, really?)"1	But there aren't many of them.1	"This is a slightly problematic position on logical grounds: you need some kind of market failure to give monetary policy large real effects, and in that case why imagine that this is the only important failure?"1	"But I'm still working on the nuances of new-Keynesianism, so I'll let him explain the difference."1	"Quantitative easing, by the way, is just more of the same."1	"To have a full (“general”) theory of interest, said Keynes, you need to add in liquidity preference — the demand for money — which Hicks represented with the “LM curve”."1	"Such efforts to change the subject seem to me to be both wrong and, to some extent, cowardly."1	"Oh, kay."1	"First, you need to look at what happens under liquidity-trap conditions — and except in Japan,these haven't prevailed anywhere since the 1930s."1	One more thing: I was especially annoyed at the BIS's claim that we now know that pre-crisis estimates of potential output were greatly overstated; they mention the US in the mid-200s as an example.1	"When dealing with ordinary, garden-variety recessions, we deal with inadequate demand through conventional monetary policy, namely by cutting short-term interest rates."1	"Some analysts suggest that this is just because there's more action on the Republican side, with the field still wide open."1	For the fact is that it's not hard to find open-minded macroeconomists willing to respond to the evidence.1	This is the context in which you have to see Mario Draghi's actions.1	"And unfortunately, some good people, like Daron Agemoglu and Simon Johnson, have bought into at least some version of this story."1	"In the late 1990s, some economists warned of the risk of Depression-type liquidity traps, and were vindicated in the Naughties."1	I've been getting questions about what happens when the Fed wraps up QE2 — related especially to Bill Gross's public view that interest rates will shoot up.1	"No, there isn't — but it's a slightly tricky subject."1	"As I've written before, and as Simon Wren-Lewis notes, given the lack of an independent monetary policy achieving a primary surplus requires a lot more than one-for-one austerity."1	(The same thing happens to an even greater extent when international money issues like the dollar's role as a reserve currency crop up.)1	"Indeed, I think I detect a bit of discreet snark in what the CBO report actually did say."1	"The answer, it seems to me, is that it would look just like what we're seeing."1	"(Actually, I find it oppressive with — in Texas, in particular, indoor spaces are freezing."1	"What is true is that some of the spending that created demand for those goods and services was debt-financed, and those debtors can't continue to spend the way they did."1	"But the really big payoff, as Hicks realized all the way back in 1937, is that this framework tells you what happens when interest rates get close to zero."1	"But if it does happen, it's a financial system problem — not a deficit problem."1	"But the RBC theorists never seem to go there; it's right into calibration and statistical moments, with never a break for intuition."1	"So: core inflation is usually measured by taking food and energy out of the price index; but there are alternative measures, like trimmed-mean and median inflation, which are getting increasing attention."1	"So, what's actually happening?"1	"Oh, and raising rates is still a terrible idea."1	"What it did, instead, however, was to look for new justifications for the same prescriptions."1	Kash has a nice summary of what the new Eurostat numbers on budget balance mean.1	"(The famous scene with the military school students never happened during that raid; something like it did happen during Sherman's sweep through the Carolinas, but it was a slaughter)."1	"Bear in mind that this was in the days before the repeal of Glass-Steagal, before finance got so big and wild; the New Deal regulations were mostly still in place."1	"Pre-election polls suggested a close vote, but given that environment, we really shouldn't be surprised that the incumbents did well."1	"From SNAP (food stamp) data, we see that food benefits to Florida rose about $3 billion over the same period."1	"Mike had a chart of Japan 2000-2008 that I've crudely reproduced: Note both that Japan reversed much of the initial expansion in the monetary base, confirming the expectations of those who might have regarded that expansion as temporary – and Japan did this even though deflation continued!"1	"Still not sure I'm living up to the world's worst sentence, however."1	"The models Chicago was promoting in the 1970s, based on the work of Robert Lucas and company, said that unemployment should have come down quickly, as soon as people realized that the Fed really was bringing down inflation."1	But Tyler Cowen has come up with something truly strange.1	"In debates over what to do about China's currency manipulation, one constantly hears the refrain that we don't dare alienate the Chinese, because they own so much of our debt."1	"Third, what's really striking about all the talk about how long-run structural issues are the real thing is how fuzzy the thinking is."1	"This is a good thing, because gravity models of trade — purely empirical exercises, with no real theory behind them — are known to work pretty well."1	"Yes, private debt will in part have been replaced by public debt – but the point is that debt will have been shifted away from severely balance-sheet-constrained players, so that the economy's problems will have been reduced even if the overall level of debt hasn't fallen."1	"During those years, of course, Florida experienced the mother of all housing bubbles — and when the bubble burst (luckily for Jeb!"1	But so are prices of risky sovereign debt — Paul De Grauwe points out that Spain's borrowing costs are now the same as Britain's.1	"Peter and David are of course right that Keynes has a lot to teach us, and are also right that the anti-Keynesians aren't just making really bad arguments; they're making the very same really bad arguments Keynes refuted 80 years ago."1	"To expand on my own views, in normal times the economy's macroeconomic performance mainly depends on monetary policy, which isn't under White House control."1	Can this happen if there are positive-return investments outside of Europe?1	"Branko Milanovic notes Lee Kwan Yew's explanation of the success of Singapore and other Asian economies; partly Confucian culture, partly air conditioning."1	"So the idea that Europe would find itself able to achieve a kind of flexibility found nowhere in the world — not even the brutal, markets-rule American economy — was just implausible."1	You may say that you don't care what it's called.1	"This implies a situation of great inequality-full employment, much over-time, high wages, and great prosperity for certain favored groups, accompanied by low wages, short time, unemployment, and possibly destitution for others."1	"But in any case, we now know something about the other “Bush boom” — as you can see from the attached chart, it was all about a monstrous housing bubble."1	"Despite a clear record of past failure, they continue to push for asset sales as a supposed answer to debt overhang."1	"Similarly, you could argue that a sufficiently large fall in wages could restore full employment now — but it would have to be a very large wage decline, and the positive effects would kick in only after deflation had first driven just about every debtor in the economy into bankruptcy."1	And Breitbart.com came through!1	"Sad to say, however, the confidence fairy never arrived."1	"I had a brief exchange with George Will yesterday (you don't have to read the snark — just watch the clip) that was, I realized later, precisely about liquidity preference versus loanable funds."1	And this means that all debt isn't created equal – which is why borrowing by some actors now can help cure problems created by excess borrowing by other actors in the past.1	"The next day, of course, the Union infantry came up, and things got decisive."1	"(Curiously, economists in that camp have also proved extremely prone to basic errors of logic, probably because they have never learned to work through simple stories.)"1	"And there was constant invocation of the “Ma, he's looking at me funny” doctrine — the claim that Obama, by not praising businessmen sufficiently, was scaring away the confidence fairy."1	"V&C was a seminal work on the economics of general equilibrium – that is, getting past one-market-at-a-time supply and demand to the interactions among markets."1	"Before learning that Friedman was dead, Paul did concede that he wasn't an Austrian."1	All the claims of major deficit reduction therefore rest on the magic asterisks.1	But I was struck by this passage: The predilection to blame business was manifest in one of President Barack Obama's recent speeches.1	"Now, these states have several things in common besides high temperatures."1	“There is no confident basis for tightening.1	"There are problems with that, which I'll get to."1	But didn't the Smoot-Hawley tariff cause the Great Depression?1	"Ken Rogoff had a very good paper on all this, in which he also says something about the state of affairs within the economics profession at the time: The Chicago-Minnesota School maintained that sticky prices were nonsense and continued to advance this view for at least another fifteen years."1	And this in turn means that people arguing that what we need right now is more wage flexibility are actually pushing for a policy that would make things worse.1	And even some influence for good is a lot better than the irrelevance that has overtaken the doctrines that once loomed so large.1	So you might think that the current crop of candidates would be proposing something different.1	"So, back in 1998 I was looking at Japan's troubles, and — like Evans-Pritchard and many others now — believed that the Bank of Japan could surely end deflation if it really tried."1	Start with the loanable funds side.1	"And on monetary policy, The Fed's institutional credibility is its most valuable asset, far more consequential to macroeconomic performance than its holdings of long-term Treasury securities or agency securities."1	"Martin Feldstein has a new column on what he calls the “inflation puzzle” — the failure of inflation to soar despite the Fed's large asset purchases, which led to a very large rise in the monetary base."1	"Iceland is, of course, one of the great economic disaster stories of all time."1	"On the face of it, there's no reason to be worried about interest rates on US debt."1	(Sam and Janet who?1	"Most spectacularly, IS-LM turns out to be very useful for thinking about extreme conditions like the present, in which private demand has fallen so far that the economy remains depressed even at a zero interest rate."1	"Over a 14 year period, that means 32 percent."1	"Following up on my skeptical post on worries about slowing trade growth, I wondered what a state-of-the-art model would say."1	The typical retired American these days relies largely on Social Security — which is indexed against inflation.1	This is true even for people who don't rely on Fox — I get asked about the scary premium hikes by people on the Upper West Side!1	More than four years ago Allan Meltzer issued a dire prediction: the Fed's policy of expanding its balance sheet will lead to high inflation.1	"After all, doesn't everyone know that protectionism causes recessions?"1	"As Dean also says, the professional consensus has very much moved the other way; you hear a lot less about structural factors from economists actually studying the data than you did a few years ago."1	"That's not to say that other things, like the distortions of mediamacro (driven by the overwhelming anti-Labour bias of the press) played no role."1	"The key thing if you want to do comparisons is to note that I made estimates of the average effect over 2009-2010, while they do estimates of effect in the fourth quarter of 2010, which is roughly when the plan is estimated to have its maximum effect."1	"Now Mohamed El-Erian is claiming that inflation in China and Brazil is Bernanke's fault; again, the economic logic is all wrong."1	Meltzer claims support from the lessons of history; but the relevant history is of other liquidity-trap episodes.1	"The answer, I'd suggest — although I hope the real experts will weigh in — is that we're actually seeing the opposite of a death spiral; call it a life spiral."1	"Daniel Davies tells us that “European policy makers aren't stupid.” But they do say stupid things, still talking about expansionary austerity, still treating debt as a purely moral issue."1	"The answer, I'd submit, is that there is no comparison."1	"Suppose they had targeted the presumed NAIRU instead; they would have sacrificed trillions in foregone output, plus all the good things that come from a tight labor market."1	So she scrambled and came up with these multipliers and now they're kind of — I don't know.1	"Look at John Cochrane in late 2013, taking it for granted that Obamacare would implode in a death spiral within a few months."1	But how well does that technique work?1	"Ignoring the foreign component, or looking at the world as a whole, the overall level of debt makes no difference to aggregate net worth – one person's liability is another person's asset."1	"After all, this makes them look very easy to contain."1	What would a non-artificial interest rate be?1	But the Great Recession and the long stagnation that followed (and continues) have brought no such concessions from the anti-Keynesians.1	"The main point, however, is that this measure does suggest a substantial rise in expected inflation since Abenomics began, which is good news."1	But things move faster these days.1	"But the deficits began long before that, and some of the biggest surpluses out there are being run by countries that don't do a lot of foreign exchange intervention (e.g."1	"Well, no."1	"So if QE2 did work, how did it work?"1	That's a reasonable story — it's a model I like myself.1	"The risks are enormously asymmetric,” said Larry Summers, the former US Treasury Secretary."1	And the subject of the first post is a defense of the Fed against the charge that it has been keeping interest rates “artificially low” and hurting savers.1	But the real exchange rate is the relative price of two bundles of goods; it's a real variable.1	I'm snarky for a reason.1	"I've written about that experience; let me just add that working with Silva Lopes — who must have been somewhat horrified at trying to deal with us uncouth students at the same time that he was trying to cope with the chaos of a still unstable political system, but showed unfailing good humor and intelligence — was one of the real highlights of the whole business."1	"Mainly, though, there simply isn't any macroeconomic case for claiming that interest rates are wildly depressed relative to fundamentals, and not much reason to believe that assets in general are overvalued."1	"Brad DeLong and Josh Bivens send us to a House hearing on monetary policy, in which three conservatives explain why it was totally forgivable for everyone on their side to predict runaway inflation from the Fed's expansion of the monetary base, and why the failure of that inflation to appear says nothing at all about possible flaws in their approach."1	And I mean inventing.1	"On the other hand, I was there, so maybe I can in effect interview myself and shed some light."1	"The Bush administration suffered from a bad case of superpower delusion, a belief that America could dictate events throughout the world. "1	"But anyway, what you need to know is that the 80s were actually a decade of Keynesian analysis triumphant."1	But the models are completely clear: the rate of growth of GDP should depend on the change in the structural budget balance.1	This is confusing demand with supply.1	"The reason, of course, is that being realistic either about the costs or about what the system would really be like would make it a political loser."1	"The NAIRU is, I'd still argue, a useful concept, mainly because it's a caution against expecting too much from monetary policy in the long run."1	Simon Wren-Lewis is puzzled by a Ken Rogoff column that sorta-kinda defends Cameron's austerity policies.1	"But we must make fun of such people — and not just because, I admit, it's one of the pleasures of life."1	It's hierarchical; it can be very frustrating to people who haven't managed to get in on the floating crap game; I suspect that it has a lot to do with the barriers women face in the field (which will have to be a different essay.)1	"As you can see, the downside of a Trump nomination is his extra awfulness multiplied by his chance of winning; the downside of Non-Trump is his own awfulness, multiplied by the extra chance of a GOP victory."1	"And today long-term rates settled at 2.18 percent, far below historical norms."1	"The truth is, I've been getting this one wrong."1	"Last night I had an austere repast — OK, steak and a lot of red wine — with some civilized financial-industry economists (they do exist), and heard what is apparently the joke du jour: “Money isn't everything — good health is 2 percent.” Well, the money supply isn't everything, either."1	One question I've been asked a lot is why I spent 2009 campaigning for fiscal expansion rather than monetary expansion.1	"So, whenever you hear people talking about Ryan's deficit reductions, bear in mind that over the first decade all of the alleged deficit reduction comes from revenue and spending numbers that are simply asserted, not the result of any policies actually described in the “plan”."1	"A number of readers, both at this blog and other places, have been asking for an explanation of what IS-LM is all about."1	"Oh, and to anticipate some comments: saying that wage and price stickiness is clearly there, and that it plays a key role in how we should understand the slump we're in, does not say that increased wage flexibility is the answer; see this post."1	"Since it takes $300 billion to reduce the unemployment rate by 1 percentage point, this is shaving 1.7 points off what unemployment would otherwise have been."1	"In this formula, 0.45 is the average share of government revenue in GDP in the euro area, so this is a rough measure of revenue effects of growth; I'm just assuming that 4 percent would represent normal growth for a euro country over 2 years."1	"What actually happened in the 80s, however, was that central banks — most famously the Fed, but also the Thatcherite Bank of England and others — drastically tightened monetary policy to bring inflation down."1	This is a lot funnier than his adventures in punctuation.1	And this means that all debt isn't created equal – which is why borrowing by some actors now can help cure problems created by excess borrowing by other actors in the past.1	"Look, IS-LM could be all wrong; but I am accurately reflecting the way that model works."1	"Eichengreen et al (pdf), in a good discussion of all this in the Latin American context, give the example of Chile, which was hit very hard by falling copper prices at the end of the 1990s despite a much more favorable institutional setup than Russia right now — and, of course, without having de facto invaded a neighboring country."1	"Meanwhile, the demand for goods involves intertemporal decisions, driven by expectations about the future, so don't we need to specify all of that explicitly?"1	"Still, Romer-Romer have some interesting thoughts about why recovery from the 2008 crisis was so slow."1	"I've been arguing for a while that much of the economics profession has lost its way, recapitulating old errors because it made a point of unlearning what Keynes taught."1	"Not on the face of it: it's basically a tradeoff of reduced aid to the poor for reduced taxes on the rich, with the net effect of the specific proposals being to increase, not reduce, the deficit."1	"Via Brad DeLong, I see that Tyler Cowen has decided that a small uptick in Irish GDP and a decline in interest rates from nosebleed levels to levels that only signal a significant default somehow refutes Keynesian economics."1	I explained it more than five years ago.1	"As for the economists' disputes, well, let me get to that in a bit."1	"So it's piling into “cash”, which really means short-term debt."1	"So what we're seeing is an ECB catering to German desires for low inflation, very much at the expense of making the problems of peripheral economies much less tractable."1	The first thing you need to know is that almost everyone exaggerates the importance of trade policy.1	"Very busy, so no substantive posting today."1	"And that's IS-LM: The point where the curves cross determines both GDP and the interest rate, and at that point both loanable funds and liquidity preference are valid."1	"So a quick exposition of my theoretical position, which also happens to be more or less standard economics."1	"OK, I know it's not quite that simple — debt as a number has political and psychological importance."1	"What this reminds me of was one of the corners of the 1980s Latin American debt crisis, which preoccupied me during my year in Washington back in 1982-3."1	"I'm pretty sure that neither the Fed nor the Bank of England has the legal right to just give money away as opposed to lending it out; if I'm wrong about this, put me down for $10 million, OK?"1	"But as both Daniel Davies and James Galbraith point out — with very different de facto value judgments, but never mind for now — at this point Greek debt, measured as a stock, is not a very meaningful number."1	A moment of self-reflection: to what extent has this slump played out the way I thought it would?1	"This had me wondering: when was the last time the economy actually ran on specie, rather than notes?"1	"An incomplete list, with dates of degree: Ben Bernanke 1979 Olivier Blanchard 1977 Mario Draghi 1976 Paul Krugman 1977 Maurice Obstfeld 1979 Kenneth Rogoff 1980 Larry Summers was at Harvard during the same period, but he was an MIT undergrad and very much part of that intellectual circle."1	"But rather than admit that their dismissal of Keynes was premature, most of those guys went into real business cycle theory — basically, denying that the Fed had anything to do with recessions."1	"The basic mindset of the kind of people who pay Ron Paul for his economic advice is pretty clear: they've made some money over the course of their lives, they believe that all of it reflects their own virtue, and they think they know from that experience what it takes to create wealth."1	"If so, I wish I lived on your planet."1	Yes: I think they both suggest the great danger of excessively contractionary policies.1	It also casts even more doubt on the wisdom of the Fed's urge to raise rates.1	Still taking kind of an emotional vacation from current political madness.1	"On the other hand, that in turn isn't as much of a coincidence as it might seem, because there was a big financial conference here, and the set of economists who get invited to such things isn't that extensive."1	"The big intellectual news here is Chapter 4, on business investment."1	What's the evidence?1	But didn't protectionism cause the Great Depression?1	"And anyone playing any role in our current economic debate, whether as an actual policy maker or as an analyst giving advice from the sidelines, should be focused, above all, on how and why we're allowing this nightmare to happen all over again three generations after the Great Depression."1	US real 10-year rates are about the same as they were in the spring of 2014; German real rates at similar maturities (which I use as the comparable safe asset) have fallen from about 0 to minus 0.9.1	"The list includes Ezra Klein, Jonathan Cohn, Jonathan Chait, Mike Konczal, myself some of the time, and others."1	"First, Republicans are much less respectful of international obligations; it took a while for the Bushies to realize that trade rules apply to us, too, and that the EU is as big a trade superpower as we are."1	"The story is clear: rapid, drastic tightening from 2009 to 2013, but a standstill in 2014."1	"I get, I think, why politics might predispose them to see inflation risks everywhere, but this was as crystal-clear a proposition as I've ever seen."1	It's uncertainty!)1	"Now, all of this raises some interesting problems for the assessment of economic policy."1	But a smaller economy means that the debt/GDP ratio goes up initially.1	It's more surprising when people don't know what they don't know — when they make confident assertions that can be proved false in a few seconds by anyone who does know these things.1	"If that's not liquidationism, I'll eat my structure of production."1	"Nor, even, does his piece gain all that much distinction by being paired with a later piece that contained an instant internet classic: Today's competitive markets, whether we seek to recognise it or not, are driven by an international version of Adam Smith's “invisible hand” that is unredeemably opaque."1	"In fact, the R-squared is only 0.31."1	I think this is telling.1	"Consider, as Paul De Grauwe has in one of the most important analyses (pdf) to come out of the crisis, the contrast between Spain and the UK."1	"Exactly the same thing had happened in Japan, and the big expansion of the Japanese monetary base in the early 2000s had exactly the same effect: Meanwhile, if you really believe that 25 basis points of interest on reserves is enough to sterilize $3 trillion of monetary base, you shouldn't be worried at all about the inflationary effects of Fed policy, should you?"1	So it is with Fred Hiatt's latest deficit-scold column.1	"As I often note on this blog, even the most spectacular failures of prediction (and successes for the other side) have been met with nothing but excuses (It's Obamacare!"1	Are you staring to have the feeling that when it comes to economic policy Xi-who-must-be-obeyed has no idea what he's doing?1	"When it turned out that they weren't — well, you guessed it — the Bank redefined the natural rate so that it could keep claiming that rates are too low."1	What do we get if we plot this estimated austerity against the actual change in real GDP 2009 to 2011?1	"You can think of such an economy as having three markets, but because of adding up you only need to look at two – if any two are in equilibrium, so is the third."1	"He should, instead, be ridiculed over his ludicrous, self-aggrandizing economic claims."1	"No matter — the reality was actually more dramatic than the movie, with the real Benjamin Grierson — a music teacher who hated horses — a far more interesting character than the one John Wayne played."1	"My observations may be somewhat out of date, because while I've kept my academic ties I spend more and more of my time in my second career as indie music critic public intellectual."1	So I thought I'd do a bit more.1	Let's bring Irving Fisher into the discussion.1	"The answer to the kind of problems Portugal now faces, as we've known for many decades, is expansionary monetary and fiscal policy."1	And that means that he and I are in a similar place.1	"If we had had an unnaturally low rate these past 7 years, we should have seen accelerating inflation; we haven't."1	5:1?1	No proposals were specified that would generate that path.1	"As it turns out, there is actually a standard definition of the natural rate of interest, coming from Wicksell, and it's basically defined on a PPE basis (that's for proof of the pudding is in the eating)."1	"In other words, Robert Lucas was betraying a complete misunderstanding of his own doctrine when he said this: If the government builds a bridge, and then the Fed prints up some money to pay the bridge builders, that's just a monetary policy."1	"So there's the trouble with macro: it's basically political, and it's mainly – not entirely, but mainly – coming from one side."1	But it seems to me that all such estimates that I've seen involve a misconception.1	"You do get to borrow in your own currency — but then, so do others; again, it's about reliability rather than a special role."1	But it's important to understand how that works.1	"In particular, these days you can pretty much count on the semiannual World Economic Outlook to offer some dramatic new insight into how the world works."1	"Otherwise, you'll end up taking the advice of people who assure you that even more suffering will cure what ails you."1	"It's not just that, as Tony Yates patiently explains, Taylor's claims about the proven optimality of his rule are just false."1	"Read Mike Woodford or Gauti Eggertsson or Ken Rogoff when he's doing theory: they all take pains to provide an intuition behind their models, and they don't engage in false advertising."1	"We had a reunion conference 25 years later, and Lisbon was, to be frank, a bit disappointing: it had become a normal, if charming, European city."1	"The appeal of the Sanders campaign, at least to people I know, is that it brings a sense of possibility."1	"Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go give a lavishly paid speech to Friends of Hamas."1	Have the Fed buy more long-term debt; or let the government issue more short-term debt.1	"But now something has happened – say, the collapse of a land bubble – that has forced the Sams to stop borrowing, and indeed to pay down their debt."1	One more point: the estimate of what would happen to the economy in the absence of a stimulus plan seems kind of optimistic.1	"Not so, says the IMF: when governments introduce deficit-reduction measures, investment falls instead of rising."1	"But not many people seem to know about an opinion piece by John Taylor and Paul Ryan, released at about the same time, that is even more revealing about the GOP's monetary madness."1	"(Yes, some money-like things pay interest, but normally not as much as less liquid assets.)"1	"Menzie actually analyzes the process of internal devaluation, though not by that name, and offers us the following figure and caption: So over time gradual deflation (or deflation relative to trading partners) increases competitiveness, leading to recovery toward full employment; this implies a period of above-normal growth and, implicitly, above normal growth in exports as well."1	But what happened over time — and Friedman himself was very culpable — was that the claim “the Fed could have prevented the depression” turned into “the Fed caused the depression.” See?1	"When I want to think about Japan, I go to the work of Adam Posen, who tells me that Japan's only really serious stimulus plan came in 1995."1	"I haven't specified the underlying macroeconomic model, but it seems safe to say that we'd be looking at a depressed real economy and deflationary pressures."1	"Low, stable inflation, it turns out, is entirely consistent with catastrophic economic mismanagement."1	"So they would engage in signal extraction, making the best possible estimate; this would lead in aggregate to an upward-sloping aggregate supply curve, but only because of rational confusion."1	a model.1	"(A foolish goal, but that's a subject for another day.)"1	"It looks like this: where S is savings, I investment spending, and r the interest rate."1	"Trade restrictions just aren't a major drag on the world economy these days, so the gains from liberalization must be small."1	"Summers and I have been talking about the zero lower bound since the 1990s — he introduced the argument that the ZLB justifies a positive inflation target, I brought liquidity-trap analysis out of the mists and back into modern economics."1	But it doesn't matter; being right is not what they're paid for.1	"Props to Eddie Lazear; he's a loyal Republican who's been saying a lot of things I consider totally wrong lately, but his paper for Jackson Hole (pdf) is a professional, well-done piece that offers little aid and comfort to his political allies."1	"Of course it has; so does everyone, and while arguably Portugal's are worse than those of some other countries, how can it possibly make sense to “deal” with these problems by condemning vast numbers of willing workers to unemployment?"1	"So, a kind of Ponzi scheme."1	But where we actually are is hard up against the zero lower bound.1	"It wouldn't be the first time in this dismal saga, and I won't be surprised if it happens, for a few months anyway."1	Fair point.1	"Oh, and about the BIS's claim that its position is Wicksellian: if you go back just a couple of years, you have William White of the BIS claiming that interest rates were below their natural rate in the ordinary sense that they were inflationary."1	"The suggestion that this might be true goes back a long ways, to work by Olivier Blanchard and Larry Summers in the 1980s."1	But you do have to accept that it shows the fallacy of arguing that the savings-investment identity proves anything about the effectiveness of fiscal policy.1	"Indeed, that WSJ screed actually claims that the whole 1 versus 99 thing should really be about reining in or maybe abolishing the Fed."1	"Long rates fluctuated between 4.5 and 5 percent in the mid-2000s, when the economy was driven by an unsustainable housing boom."1	"The Keynesian view is, of course, that it's demand, and that fiscal and monetary policy should be acting to provide the missing demand."1	"I kind of wonder about the state of mind that makes a professional pundit — you know, someone whose whole job is supposed to be following policy debates — unable to see, right in front of him, the fact that Obama has already proposed what he demands."1	"They apparently did fine work putting together the national accounts, among other things, and Silva Lopes wanted more."1	Of course interest rates are low.1	"He or she concludes by scolding the macroeconomics profession in general, which is a nice safe thing to do – but requires deliberately ignoring the real nature of the problem."1	But do we really think that Syriza will or even can retreat with its tail between its legs immediately after winning a dramatic election victory?1	"It seemed obvious that there were big problems when people had large foreign-currency debt: a depreciation of the rupiah, say, worsened balance sheets by causing the domestic-current value of debt to explode, and was probably contractionary overall."1	"Aside from revealing just how much of a Rand fanboy Ryan is — urban legend, my foot — this is interesting because that 23 paragraph speech isn't just a call for the gold standard; it's a call for eliminating paper money and going back to gold coins."1	"But I argued (154-158) that the nonresponse of monetary aggregates was exactly what you should expect in a liquidity trap, and that there was little evidence (174-177) that banking problems were actually central to the economy's weakness."1	"Both the phrase and the subject have gone out of fashion — but it's still an important issue, and arguably now more than ever."1	"Lisbon often seemed like a fossil, with much of its appearance and infrastructure little changed since the Edwardian era."1	But that would be a betrayal of European principles.1	"But it says nothing at all about bubbles and financial crises; financial instability is impossible in the models usually used to justify the rule, and the rule wasn't devised with such possibilities in mind."1	"The dynamics are very different this time, and failing to understand them could all too easily lead to unnecessary disaster."1	Three points here: 1.1	Did I mention that Mr. Trump wants to see rates rise? 1	Which brings me to the point.1	"As I said way back when, If a presidential candidate were to declare that the earth is flat, you would be sure to see a news analysis under the headline ”Shape of the Planet: Both Sides Have a Point.” After all, the earth isn't perfectly spherical."1	"You must be an idiot.” Here X might be the paradox of thrift, the claim that a rise in desired saving leads to lower investment (which is closely linked to the case for fiscal stimulus, which in turn is closely linked to the argument that wars and other bad things can be expansionary.)"1	"(Sorry, don't have time to search for unprotected versions)."1	"Britain suffered prolonged economic stagnation even before the onset of the Great Depression: And it didn't even succeed in reducing the debt/GDP ratio, because deflation and slow growth outweighed the effects of austerity."1	"Up to a point, Feldstein has followed the now-usual arc: first dire warnings that inflation is looming; then, after years of inflation not happening, a quiet segue (or, as young people tend to write it, Segway) to “hey, what's so bad about below-target inflation and maybe even a bit of deflation.” You have to wonder: don't the people making this new-reasons-for-the-same-policy switch feel even a bit embarrassed?"1	(The money must come from somewhere!)1	Who says they're artificially low?1	The trouble is that this isn't remotely true.1	Wanna bet on it?1	How can both views be true?1	"Now, what you learned back then was that the transmission mechanism worked largely through housing."1	So a helicopter drop is just like a temporary lump-sum tax cut.1	But that's not the case Romney is making.1	"By the way, if you want an example of a policy that really did have a lot to do with the Great Depression's spread, that would be the gold standard — which Ted Cruz wants to restore."1	The nominal dollar-euro rate is the number of dollars per euro; the real dollar-euro rate is dollars/euro * European price level / US price level.1	"This surplus — which is a flow, not a stock — represents the amount Greece is actually paying, in the form of real resources, to its creditors, as opposed to borrowing funds to pay interest."1	"We now know that interest rates can, in fact, go negative; those of us who dismissed the possibility by saying that people could simply hold currency were clearly too casual about it."1	"Back in the day, there was an answer; glowing profiles like this one declared that he had been a fabulous governor, as demonstrated by his economic success: In a state with a surging population, Bush has presided over a booming economy with the highest rate of job creation in the country and an unemployment rate of 3.0 percent (the national average is 4.6 percent)."1	"However, few have pointed out that the volatility of 1998 followed a long period in which long-term interest rates never dropped below 5 percent."1	"By the logic I've already laid out, this should imply a persistently very weak euro and a persistently large European current account surplus, as Europe in effect tries to export its secular stagnation – a process limited only by the way low inflation or deflation interact with the zero lower bound to keep interest rates from falling to their Wicksellian equilibrium rate."1	"Only then, I believe, can we have an optimal public discussion about costs and benefits."1	"Anyway, El-Erian's latest sort of shocked me; it sounds as if he's making up his own version of macroeconomics."1	"I am, to my own surprise, not too happy with the defense of Keynes by Peter Temin and David Vines in VoxEU."1	"One of the differences between right and left in America is that the progressive infrastructure includes a contingent of genuine wonks — commentators on policy who really do make models and crunch numbers, and sometimes come up with answers that aren't fully predictable from their politics."1	"At FtAlphaville, Matthew Klein looks at the evidence, and is surprised to find that there's little support for the bad-banks-did-it story, even though everyone repeats it."1	"Well, in the case of Finland we're seeing the classic problems of asymmetric shocks in a currency area that isn't optimal."1	"Macroeconomics that remembered Keynes and Hicks, that didn't reject it all because stuff like that shouldn't happen with perfectly rational agents, has had a very good six years — it's been right on inflation, on interest rates, on austerity."1	"After I put up my post comparing private-sector jobs under Obama and Bush, a number of people asked me whether I believe that presidents have a large effect on economic performance."1	"(As Yates says, this claim appears incomprehensible.)"1	The naive (or deliberately misleading) version of Fed policy is the claim that Ben Bernanke is “giving money” to the banks.1	Because the economy is deeply depressed.1	"(my italics, again) So Ryan gamed the system: he got CBO to produce a report which looks to those who don't actually read it like a validation of his numbers, when in fact he prevented any actual scoring of his proposals."1	The possibility of conceding that their model was wrong never seems to cross their minds.1	"As many of us have noted, it's hugely unfair when people claim that Greece has done nothing to adjust."1	"Still, even if you managed to convince yourself that the liquidity-trap analysis was wrong six years ago, by now you should surely have realized that Bernanke, Woodford, Eggertsson, and, yes, me got it right."1	"But the main thing, I think, is those asset prices, which the advocates of tight money think are too high — because they wouldn't make sense without those “artificially low” interest rates."1	"The problem it creates for conservatives is not that it doesn't work, but that it does — which is a challenge to their philosophy."1	Simon Wren-Lewis says something quite similar to my own view about the trouble with macroeconomics: it's mostly political.1	"Talking to people, and also reading what comes across the threshold, it occurs to me that there's widespread misunderstanding of what a more or less Keynesian view of Europe's problems actually implies."1	"But in reality, scenario A, the low-inflation scenario, is vastly worse for Spain — for two reasons."1	"It's important to understand that this is not a verdict on the new Greek government, or at any rate only the new Greek government; it's a judgment that the risk of no agreement, and a disorderly breakdown of the whole process, is high."1	Both find that monetary policy does indeed matter.1	"In particular, when you see reports on monetary disputes, you often see characterizations of what the Fed's right-wing critics have been saying that go something like this, in the WaPo: Among the criticisms: The Fed was keeping interest rates artificially low and fueling speculative bubbles."1	"But events since the crisis provide a lot more evidence, just as they do on fiscal multipliers."1	The Bank for International Settlements remains tight-money central.1	"Initial fiscal multipliers of 2 or more, although they shrink over time."1	"OK, I know it's not quite that simple — debt as a number has political and psychological importance."1	"We had just had the worst financial crisis since, um, the 1930s."1	Who would have suspected such a thing?1	"Yet the Alesina-Ardagna analysis doesn't make that distinction; Japan in the 90s, which was up against the zero bound, is treated the same as a batch of countries in the 70s and 80s, when interest rates were quite high."1	"And this in turn suggests that if we're looking for the key to European problems, it lies in Germany's beggar-they-neighbor relative wage deflation — which is indeed a point made by economists like Francesco Saraceno."1	"By the way, the field most in the news — business cycle macroeconomics, aka economic fluctuations — can give you a misleading impression of how the profession in general works, precisely because macro is divided into hostile camps."1	One item from that poll that seems to have surprised reporters: There's no enthusiasm gap — it's just different forms of enthusiasm.1	I have often found the economic analyses coming out of Pimco deeply enlightening.1	They're all very conservative.1	Wow.1	"Monetary policy, in which the central bank buys and sells securities to change the monetary base, is nothing at all like price controls."1	"For Finns, the great depression they remember is the slump at the beginning of the 1990s, driven by a combination of a bursting housing bubble and the collapse of the Soviet Union next door."1	"In part, I believe, this reflects globaloney: talking about international trade sounds glamorous and forward-thinking, so everyone wants to make that the centerpiece of their remarks."1	"Loosely speaking, it looks for episodes of weak growth that are clearly caused by other factors, so that it can be sure that falling investment is an effect rather than a cause."1	"Now, Yglesias has some fun with Cochrane's violation of the extended version of Godwin's Law, which says that the first person to mention either Weimar or Zimbabwe in a discussion of current issues loses."1	"Venezuela then, like Russia now, was a petro-economy which had consistently run external surpluses."1	But that's apparently off the table.1	"Second, we're still talking about very hard fighting — as far as I can tell, precisely because Grant was aggressive about moving even in dubious weather."1	"But it's not very useful as a guide to short- and medium-term policy, because we do not have any good idea of where that lower bound lies."1	"For example, his attempt to refute something I wrote about Kansas ended up being mainly a story about why Stephen can't count, which presumably wasn't his intention."1	"I guess it could slightly accelerate the adjustment by driving unemployment even higher; but if the biggest problem is actually one of maintaining social and political cohesion, which seems to be the case, it's actually counterproductive even for the creditors."1	"Yes, that will in a way be rewarding their past excesses – but economics is not a morality play."1	"So even two centuries ago, we were already a paper-money economy."1	"They had seized the moment when people took their models seriously to loudly and aggressively declare that Keynesianism of any form was total nonsense, that everything macroeconomists had done in the previous four decades was worthless."1	"And while I am not infallible, I have done a lot of economic modeling in my time; if you think that I've made an elementary logical error, you might want to check your reasoning very carefully before going with it."1	"As Tony Yates points out, however, there's nothing puzzling at all about what happened; it's exactly what you should expect when interest rates are near zero."1	"His proposed 35 percent tariff-like penalties would instigate a trade war and that would raise prices for consumers, kill our export jobs and lead entrepreneurs and businesses of all stripes to flee America."1	Mr. Romney claims to be aghast. 1	The former probably recognizes a real problem — Greece probably can't deliver what it has promised pensioners — but why should this be an issue over and above the general question of the primary surplus.1	"How much would that accomplish now, when even the 2-year yield is only 0.67 percent?"1	"The idea of the natural rate, that there was no long-run tradeoff between inflation and unemployment, was very much disliked by people like Jim Tobin, but accepted by nearly everyone after the experience of the 1970s."1	"Greece has been running a primary surplus since 2013, and according to its agreements with the troika it's supposed to run a surplus of 4.5 percent of GDP for many years to come."1	Still in jet-lag city.1	Two and a half years ago Mike Konczal reminded us of a classic 1943 (!)1	"For a while gold prices did go up, although not for the reasons the goldbugs thought, but now even that has gone into reverse."1	It dices!1	This really does look like a plan that falls well short of what advocates of strong stimulus were hoping for — and it seems as if that was done in order to win Republican votes.1	"Goldman Sachs (no link) looks at unemployment in the “sand states” that had the biggest housing bubbles versus the rest of the country; it looks like this: So the states that took the biggest hit have recovered faster than the rest of the country, which is what you'd expect if it was all cycle, not structural change."1	"As I pointed out a few days ago, CBO did not score the policy provisions in the Ryan plan; there wasn't remotely enough detail for a comprehensive assessment, and they didn't do a partial of what was specified."1	"* I really, really don't understand why this point has been so hard to get across."1	"Below is the employment-population ratio since 1989, with shading showing the official recessions."1	Sad.1	– and hence no inflation.1	"It's being driven not by events in Japan but by the taper scare, which drove up US rates."1	"At MIT, which had played such a large role in bringing Keynes to America, there was a lot of searching and self-doubt — my classmates would sometimes say things like “The rational expectations guys were right about stagflation, so might they be right about the rest?” There was almost a hint of an inferiority complex."1	Calculated Risk says much of what I'd say about housing and the prospects for quick economic recovery.1	But are they really US firms in any meaningful sense?1	"And deficits that must be monetized are one way to make that happen (as they were in the 1930s, when Japan had a very successful comeback from the Great Depression, aside from that invading China thing.)"1	"The sense that where there's smoke there must be fire — when the reality was nothing but Richard Mellon Scaife with a smoke machine — is very much out there, still."1	"As Keynes and Hicks explained three generations ago, this is a completely inadequate story — because it misses the reality that the level of income isn't fixed, and changes in income affect the supply and demand for funds."1	"As long as we were in the liquidity trap, interest rates would stay low despite large budget deficits."1	"As a nation, our dependence on foreign loans is way down; the surging deficit is, in effect, being domestically financed."1	"That's every town budget, every cell phone plan, every commercial lease, every salary, etc."1	"There is a question about why that rise in US rates didn't produce a lot more yen depreciation, but something seems off here."1	"First, Grant really was wasting no time — he moved as soon as the weather permitted, and actually a bit early."1	"But here's the thing: we now have a clear view of Sanders' positions on two crucial issues, financial reform and health care."1	"Most famously, they showed that on a global basis the first year of the current crisis was every bit as severe as the first year of the Great Depression."1	So were Keynesian economists feeling amazed and dismayed by the events of the 1980s?1	Shouldn't it be impossible to have secular stagnation in just one country?1	So what's wrong with this pretty picture?1	"So bankers keep demanding higher rates, and inventing stories about why that would make sense despite low inflation."1	"The scene at Appomattox — aristocratic Lee in his dress uniform surrendering to disheveled, unimpressive-looking Grant — represents for me the coming of the modern world."1	"Well, new forms of acquired ignorance keep surfacing."1	"In an otherwise useful article about divisions in the Fed, Jon Hilsenrath says this: The Fed is better equipped to solve some economic problems than others."1	"European growth numbers have been better lately, and the weak euro — which makes EZ manufacturing and other tradables more competitive — is surely a large part of the explanation."1	"The key passage: Voluntary measures would tend to enroll disproportionate numbers of individuals with higher cost health problems, creating high premiums and instability in the insurance pools in which they are enrolled."1	Budget deficits shift IS to the right; in the liquidity trap that has no effect on the interest rate.1	This would seem to point to fundamental weakness in private demand.1	"And rationally, stimulus spending shouldn't change that view: with the long-term real interest rate well below 2 percent, current borrowing has only a trivial effect on the long-run state of the budget."1	"The politics of hope, indeed."1	"But now, after the Fed has finally moved a bit in the direction of doing something about the Lesser Depression, Mitt Romney – supposedly advised by Mankiw among others – is outraged: [T]he American economy doesn't need more artificial and ineffective measures."1	"Now, this is not how most analysts approach the problem."1	"First, on the general point of the welfare gains from trade: I'm basically with Dani Rodrik here."1	"It's not about policy, as you can see from the many occasions when members of the cult have demanded that Barack Obama change his ways and advocate things that … he was already advocating."1	Where does austerity fit in to this story?1	"They make a forecast for the exchange rate, then run this through some set of trade elasticities to get the effects on trade and hence on GDP."1	"So, first, both Jeb!"1	"Instead, experience shows that these are all areas where the government does a (much) better job than the private sector."1	"We think of money demand as determined by people increasing their holdings up to the point where the opportunity cost of holding money, the interest rate on other safe assets, equals its utility from increased liquidity."1	"After all, growth has resumed in the GIIPS countries – in fact, even Greece was growing until Syriza came to power and scared away the confidence fairy."1	"If you like, it involves a huge magic asterisk."1	"But it was nonetheless a vulnerable debtor, because all those external surpluses and more had in effect been recycled into overseas assets of the corrupt elite."1	"But, you know, protectionism was the only reason he gave for believing that Trump would cause a recession, which I think is kind of telling: the GOP's supposedly well-informed, responsible adult, trying to save the party, can't get basic economics right at the one place where economics is central to his argument."1	And as I wrote: So what does government borrowing do?1	"If we assume that all three are gross substitutes – the most natural though not inevitable assumption – we get Figure 1: We can make this more familiar by putting the interest rate – which moves inversely to the price of bonds – on the axis, which flips the figure upside down, and by removing one of the markets; what we get is Figure 2, which is basically IS-LM: Wait, you say, isn't IS-LM usually presented as a model of output, not the price level?"1	"Incredibly, Jeb!"1	"And there has, as the chart above shows, been a huge swing of finance capital away from Democrats to Republicans that began in the 2012 election cycle — that is, after the passage of financial reform."1	"Specifically, in the past the Sams have borrowed from the Janets to pay for consumption."1	So what happens to the currency?1	"What happens in a foreign currency intervention is that the central bank buys foreign securities while selling domestic securities — that is, the Bank of Israel was doing, as a deliberate policy, exactly what we're supposed to fear the Chinese doing."1	I very much hope that Fed staff remembers the 1990s.1	"Also, while Greece has long since ceased to be the epicenter, things seem to be breaking down there too."1	"For people who are supposedly so serious, the Very Serious seem remarkably casual about thinking things through."1	Something I've been looking at: Texas after the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s.1	"So the spending program IS expansionary in this case, EVEN IF you have full Ricardian equivalence."1	"Anyway, I was wondering: it's my impression that the same people now warning about the alleged Treasury bubble dismissed warnings about the housing bubble."1	"On the monetary front, the Bank of England raised interest rates to 7 percent in 1920 to support the return to the prewar parity, which—coupled with the ensuing deflation—delivered extraordinarily high real rates."1	Anybody know a good mechanic?1	"Making fun of billionaires who are clueless about economics, and lack the menschood to admit their mistakes, serves a couple of functions."1	"Nowadays, however, governments are involved in a lot more — education, retirement, health care."1	— to create a stripped-down central bank without the powers or flexibility that history has shown are necessary.1	10:1?1	"Remember, it was Lehman — not Citi or B of A — that brought the world to the brink."1	"Let's start with something like a canonical model – a model in which there's an IS curve representing the effects of interest rates on demand, and monetary policy is described by some kind of Taylor rule."1	"If people expected the euro/dollar rate to return to long-term normal a decade from now, this would imply a 9 percent decline right now."1	"So please, Janet, Stan, and company, think it possible that you may be mistaken."1	My column and Bernie Sanders' plan crossed in the mail.1	The Fed deserves to be chastised for not doing more; that's not the same as saying that the Fed should be the only target of criticism.1	"So I turn to the appendix table in Alesina/Ardagna, and find that 1995 isn't there — whereas 2005 and 2007, which I've never heard of as stimulus years, are."1	"So is there anything at all here suggesting that it's OK to impose further fiscal tightening on Greece, that this won't deepen its depression?"1	"But there's still the matter of self-awareness and self-control — the ability to set limits, to avoid the temptation to spend your life claiming that the insights you had decades ago were the final word on the subject, maybe even the final word on all subjects."1	"But he can't make internal devaluation work on his own, and he can't save Europe if its leaders continue to think that gratuitous infliction of pain is sound policy."1	"What's really funny is that neither Mike nor I, nor, I think, any of the other wonks-turned-evil-minions have changed positions."1	(No bargaining if the troika basically says no concessions.)1	But the rise in demand initially raises rates in our country but not abroad.1	"Somehow I missed this: Joe Weisenthal informs us that Bill Gross has publicly apologized for getting the bond market so wrong, predicting a spike in interest rates when QE2 ended."1	"And there are good, well-understood reasons for this wider mandate."1	"So it's not safe to assume that the Fed can, for example, hit any target for nominal GDP that it chooses."1	"Part of the answer is that workers in Denmark, two-thirds of whom are unionized, still have a lot of bargaining power."1	But look at what bond markets are saying!1	"Not by having a chair at a major school; that helps your visibility, but doesn't protect you from being perceived as none too bright (in fact, even past work doesn't do that — you hear younger economists wondering how that guy wrote those papers.)"1	"But look back at my 1998 BPEA on Japan, which is more or less where I came in."1	"So, the only part of the stimulus package that's stimulating is the monetary part."1	"The Fed should just maintain zero inflation, or go on the gold standard."1	So I guess I should explain why I'm not convinced.1	Monetary policy has indeed had difficulty gaining traction.1	"To see my point, imagine first a world in which there are only two kinds of people: Spendthrift Sams and Judicious Janets."1	"There he goes, saying When is the last time in our country we created millions of jobs?"1	It's as Keynes said: Worldly wisdom teaches that it is better for reputation to fail conventionally than to succeed unconventionally.1	It dices!1	"If you believe that it is obvious that rates will spike as soon as QE2 ends, you have to ask why investors aren't moving out of US debt now in anticipation; you don't have to believe in efficient markets to believe that totally obvious gains or losses will be anticipated."1	"So, I'm going to disagree with both propositions."1	Output ends up 6.5 percent below the baseline; debt looks like this: Why does this matter?1	"I've estimated that “hyperglobalization” – the expansion of world trade to unprecedented levels since 1990 – has added about 5 percent to world incomes; but that's the combination of everything: containerization, drastic trade liberalization in developing countries, the internet."1	"It reminds the audience that being rich doesn't mean that you know what you're talking about; it also provides other rich people some incentive to think before they speak, and maybe even do some homework before preaching to the rest of us."1	"In fact, a lot of people predicted that this would happen in mid-2011, when QE2 came to an end — and lost a lot of money as a result."1	"If you read his remarks, you'll see that he was as sharp — and good humored — as ever."1	"Now, many of us took on similar claims in the UK – and quickly noted that a large part of the story behind the resumption of British growth in 2013-2014 was actually a pause in fiscal consolidation."1	"So you might have expected the BIS to ask why it was so wrong, and reconsider its policy recommendations."1	41	"The basic macroeconomic framework that we all should have turned to, the framework that is still there in most textbooks, performed spectacularly well: it made strong predictions that people who didn't know that framework found completely implausible, and those predictions were vindicated."1	Warsh isn't an especially bad example — but that's the point: this is what Serious People sound like these days.1	"You see, those dastardly officials are paying interest on reserves – a hefty 0.25 percent – and this has led to something totally unexpected: The US Federal Reserve Board has pumped out trillions of dollars of reserves, but never have so many reserves produced so little monetary growth."1	"But my main thought, reading Davies's piece, was that the belief that trade must always expand much faster than output, and that there's something wrong if it doesn't, doesn't stand up to careful scrutiny."1	The profession runs on reputation — basically the shared perception that you're a smart guy.1	"The battle of Dinwiddie Court House was a nail-biting fighting retreat on the Union side, with heavy casualties all around."1	But I'm not sure whether readers will understand quite what the puzzle is — and they certainly wouldn't gather from the article that there's actually a literature about this puzzle.1	"Up until now, the euro has proved very durable, largely thanks to the point Barry Eichengreen emphasized: any country that even hinted at the possibility of leaving would face the mother of all bank runs."1	"On the last, nominal wages have proved much more resistant to falling than I expected; I should have taken the downward nominal rigidity notion much more seriously."1	"If the creditors do play hardball, their leverage does not come from the ability to refuse new loans to the Greek government."1	That's typical of the whole argument.1	"That said, the report is written in such a way as to make it hard to figure out exactly what's in the plan."1	"Um, it pays to read the labels."1	Simon Wren-Lewis asks how good British economic recovery — which is being touted as a wonderful success story — really has been.1	31	"This means that like loanable funds, liquidity preference doesn't determine the interest rate per se; it defines a set of possible combinations of the interest rate and GDP – the LM curve."1	"I don't think the proposal is likely to be the terrible, worker-destroying pact some progressives assert, but it doesn't look like a good thing either for the world or for the United States, and you have to wonder why the Obama administration, in particular, would consider devoting any political capital to getting this through."1	I'd just add two points.1	"Well, what I hear is that officials don't trust the demand for long-term government debt, because they see it as driven by a “carry trade”: financial players borrowing cheap money short-term, and using it to buy long-term bonds."1	"But no; instead we got either recapitulations of the original argument, with no acknowledgment of past failures, or new reasons to do exactly the same thing, and raise rates."1	"If the Treasury were to fill old bottles with banknotes, bury them at suitable depths in disused coalmines which are then filled up to the surface with town rubbish, and leave it to private enterprise on well-tried principles of laissez-faire to dig the notes up again (the right to do so being obtained, of course, by tendering for leases of the note-bearing territory), there need be no more unemployment and, with the help of the repercussions, the real income of the community, and its capital wealth also, would probably become a good deal greater than it actually is."1	"No point in looking them up on Google Scholar, although Laffer does show up, marginally, for a 1971 paper co-authored with Eugene Fama."1	"Yes, it's a crude Phillips curve, but it sort of works."1	Didn't policymakers get it all wrong?1	"In short, the notion that rates are low only because the Fed is holding them down by “gobbling” up debt is clearly refuted by international evidence, clearly refuted by the behavior of rates over time, and logically flawed."1	"One thing that has surprised and depressed me in recent years, however, has been the obsession with raising interest rates among economists who used to seem sensible."1	These are kind of schlock economics.1	"The first question many readers might ask is, why do this?"1	Some readers have noted that I haven't said much about the Greek crisis in the past few days.1	"But the bank's tools aren't perfectly suited to reducing unemployment, which is influenced by a range of factors including fiscal policy, regulation and global demand."1	"Update: A blurry but still embarrassing photo; Beleza, Abel, Frankel, me:"1	"This is, of course, the liquidity trap."1	Hold off on that for a minute.1	"You can say something similar, although a bit less pointed, about the Obama administration."1	"The Fed should be moving heaven and earth to do something about the economy — but what you see instead is many people at the Fed, especially at the regional banks, saying “Look, we don't have actual deflation, or anyway not much, so we're achieving price stability."1	There are claims that millions of people are losing coverage — headlines!1	"Look at The Hill just four months ago, telling us that double-digit premium hikes were coming."1	I'm confused.1	"The IS curve shifts right: But if the central bank was doing its job, the economy was already at full employment."1	"The risks are enormously asymmetric,” said Larry Summers, the former US Treasury Secretary."1	"And here's what has happened to government employment per capita: I know Republicans know, just know, that government has surged under Obama."1	"You apply a multiplier to the bridge builders, then you've got to apply the same multiplier with a minus sign to the people you taxed to build the bridge."1	"I'm thinking, I'm thinking."1	There's no reason to assume that the net effect on employment would be strongly negative.1	It's tempting!1	"Because everything runs on reputation, a lot of what you might imagine academic politics is like — what it may be like in other fields — doesn't happen in econ."1	"It would, indeed, be more sensible to build houses and the like; but if there are political and practical difficulties in the way of this, the above would be better than nothing."1	— to wrap their minds around the Alice-through-the-looking-glass nature of economics when you're in a liquidity trap.1	"But the macro wars have been revealing: we've seen quite a few highly successful academics, with lots of widely cited papers, prove remarkably dense when trying to weigh in on real-world events."1	How can this happen?1	Is that explanation clear enough to get through?1	"For what it's worth, casual observation suggests that a lot of the growth in consumer spending has been at the high end, which suggests in turn that a higher stock market might be driving it."1	The formal debates among the Republicans who would be president have exceeded all expectations.1	"… But, if we do build the bridge by taking tax money away from somebody else, and using that to pay the bridge builder — the guys who work on the bridge — then it's just a wash."1	"Bear in mind, however, that the supposed firewall of ECB support has never actually been tested."1	"Yet Ryan claims a big deficit reduction, via two big “magic asterisks”."1	These models have never been discussed or debated in a way that that say — Ellen McGrattan was talking about the way economists use models this morning.1	"Better policy could have produced a much faster, stronger return to full employment."1	"So now we have two new analyses, by Hobijn and Daly at a Boston Fed conference, and in the IMF's new World Economic Outlook, both of which strongly suggest that the issue isn't structural unemployment, it's low responsiveness of inflation to unemployment when inflation is low to begin with."1	"(By the way, I screwed up the aside on fiscal policy."1	"Olivier, Ben Bernanke, Ken Rogoff, Mario Draghi, and yours truly all overlapped at MIT in the mid-70s; Larry Summers was at Harvard at the same time, taking courses at MIT; just about everyone was Stan Fischer's student."1	How about this?1	Not at people — he really is a fundamentally decent guy — but by going for easy slogans and punting when the going gets tough.1	"If QE really is working through stocks and the dollar, are there further implications?"1	What accounts for this asymmetry?1	"Hicks could have told you that; in fact, he did."1	Romer described his approach as a way to teach macro — real men were supposed to use fully specified intertemporal optimizing models with a cherry on top — but I think it's actually the way most practical macro people actually thought and to some extent still think.1	I'm not a big fan of huge defense spending anyway.)1	"In fact, I argued that position very early in the Obama years, at the same time I was arguing for temporary nationalization of a couple of big banks."1	"In fact, in the old days when domestic oil largely meant Texas billionaires and all that, it was reasonable to argue that the internal redistribution further increased demand when oil fell."1	"As Dean Baker once put it, China has an empty water pistol pointed at our head."1	"To be harsh but accurate: the Sanders health plan looks a little bit like a standard Republican tax-cut plan, which relies on fantasies about huge supply-side effects to make the numbers supposedly add up."1	"The Fed shouldn't tamper with the free market, just like the fiscal branch of government shouldn't."1	"An increase in G doesn't reduce I one for one, it increases GDP, which leads to higher S and T. Now, you don't have to accept this model as a picture of how the world works."1	"I would say that if you can't explain it to your mother, or at least to your non-economist friends, there's a good chance that you yourself don't really know what you're doing."1	The combination of deeply depressed peripheral economies (which meant surging budget deficits) and fears of a euro crackup turned this into an attack on peripheral-government bonds.1	"The world has lost a great, good, and incredibly likable man."1	And of course I've argued that running out of peasants creates a wall.1	"He decided that the economy had suffered enough, rates plunged, housing surged, and it was morning in America."1	What would give them an incentive to do this?1	Leaked documents suggest that the US is trying to get radically enhanced protection for patents and copyrights; this is largely about Hollywood and pharma rather than conventional exporters.1	He seems to believe that any good news anywhere somehow refutes Keynes.1	But they find reasons to oppose any and all suggestions to use government policy — including monetary policy — to alleviate the slump.1	"As we saw when crisis struck, Chicago/Minnesota had in fact learned nothing and was pretty much unaware of the whole New Keynesian enterprise — and from what I hear about macro hiring, the suppression of ideas at odds with the cult remains in full force."1	"It's worth quoting that one in full: It is curious how common sense, wriggling for an escape from absurd conclusions, has been apt to reach a preference for wholly ‘wasteful' forms of loan expenditure rather than for partly wasteful forms, which, because they are not wholly wasteful, tend to be judged on strict ‘business' principles."1	"There was a lot in there I didn't know, despite the many years I spent at MIT first as a student, then as faculty."1	"Japan has been depressed since before incoming freshmen were born, but its chronic deflation has never turned into a rapid downward spiral."1	"Still, I thought this was an interesting calculation to make — which may show more about my warped sense of what's interesting than it does about anything else."1	"The bottom line of Warsh's speech — although expressed indirectly — is that it's time for fiscal austerity, even though the economy remains deeply depressed; and no, the Fed can't offset the effects of fiscal contraction with more quantitative easing."1	Which brings me to the policy debate.1	"If you didn't see something heroic about her performance in the Benghazi hearing, you're missing something essential."1	Some readers are clearly confused about my stance on unconventional monetary policy.1	"As I've written many times, the remarkable thing about policy since 2010 is that outsiders, particularly bearded academics, have based their criticisms of policy on mainstream, textbook economics; whereas serious-sounding bankers in suits have been creating whole new economic doctrines on the fly to justify what they claim are sound policies."1	"(And no, “fanatical centrist” is not an oxymoron)."1	Someone tell Wolfgang Schäuble.1	Case in point: the extremely expensive disinflation of the early 1980s.1	(The output gap is closely correlated with the unemployment rate).1	"What really strikes me about Marty's latest, however, is the muttering that there must be some sinister hidden agenda driving the anxiety of central banks about below-target inflation, given that classic deflationary spirals don't seem imminent."1	That's why we call it a liquidity trap!1	"I keep being told about terrible things the Clintons did that never actually happened, but were carefully fomented right-wing legends — except I'm hearing them from people on the left."1	Sigh.1	"Oh wait, I guess I just did."1	"I learned about the concept from Pierre Fortin; Mr. Janet Yellin, aka George Akerlof, and co-authors wrote quite a lot about it."1	Just think of how the view we call Keynesian has evolved since the 1950s.1	"Indeed, in some ways being absolutely despised would be a plus."1	"And the truth is that paternalism in these areas has led to pretty good results — mandatory K-12 education, Social Security, and Medicare make our lives more productive as well as more secure."1	I really wonder about the state of economics education.1	I agree with most of what both have to say.1	My sense is that the aftermath of credit and housing bubbles is consistently remarkably bad – Alan Taylor and colleagues have been documenting this proposition — and that may not be well captured by reports of credit-market distress.1	"So why not forget about open-market operations, and just drop the stuff from helicopters?"1	Texas GDP was about $300 billion in 1987.1	And that's not something you should do unless the existing models have failed — which they haven't.1	Keynesianism is wrong!1	"And don't tell us that we need to start “normalizing”: all indications are that “normal” has changed a lot since 2008, and trying to set interest rates as if the old normal were still valid is a recipe for very bad outcomes."1	What do E&R find?1	"As Bernanke notes, as far as big current account surpluses go, Germany is the new China."1	Quite.1	"I've talked to a few friends who are Sanders supporters, some others who are Clinton supporters, and I have some impressions."1	"Here's one more: everywhere you go, you encounter the claim that businesses aren't investing, they're just sitting on piles of cash, because they're worried about future government policies."1	"But I can reproduce it, more or less."1	Huge increases in the monetary base in previous liquidity trap episodes had no visible effect.1	"Anyway, inflation is just around the corner, the same way it has been all these years."1	"With the release of Bernie Sanders' health plan — or actually, health “plan” — the Democratic primary is coming into much better focus."1	What could help?1	"Now, you may declare that this is politically impossible."1	"Just a reminder: The overwhelming evidence for US elections is that they are not judgements of an administration's overall performance — they are driven by the rate of growth just ahead of the election, as in the chart above (taken from Larry Bartels.)"1	"There are still important barriers in agriculture, but advocates are pinning most of their case on services, where we're talking about more diffuse issues of access."1	"From where I sit, the past six years have been hugely reassuring from an intellectual point of view."1	"I have, incidentally, seen attempts to claim that nobody believed this, or at any rate that Hayek never believed this, and that characterizing Hayek as a liquidationist is some kind of liberal libel."1	"After all, the great bulk of the debt is now officially held, the interest rate bears little relationship to market prices, and the interest payments come in part out of funds lent by the creditors."1	But it seems to me that there's some context missing.1	"Now, open economy: we expect capital flows to equalize expected returns across countries."1	"I have no idea why; parallels with 1987, when the United States was not in a liquidity trap, seem off point."1	"Yes, savings have to equal investment, but that's not something that mystically takes place, it's because any discrepancy between desired savings and desired investment causes something to happen that brings the two in line."1	Which brings us to the question: can this go on?1	Households borrowed too much; now you want the government to borrow even more?1	There was also the fact that rates failed to spike when the Fed temporarily ended QE in 2011 — one big thing I got right and Bill Gross got wrong.1	But it doesn't cause recessions.1	"The primary surplus was kept near 7 percent of GDP throughout the 1920s.This was accomplished through large expenditure decreases, courtesy of the “Geddes axe,” and a continuation of the higher tax levels introduced during the war."1	How it went yesterday at the Benghazi committee: It was actually pretty incredible.1	"My sense is that Trump is awful, but not that much more awful than the others — Rubio, for example, is among other things the candidate of the people who brought you Iraq and want to do it all over again."1	"Not obviously — and certainly “credibly promising to be irresponsible”, to not undo expansion in the face of future inflation, is a much harder thing to achieve than simply acting when the economy is depressed."1	"So I was quite unhappy to see Tim Taylor, whose work I normally find admirable, taking a version of the long-run dodge in the secular stagnation debate."1	So why is he there (and he's not alone — there are some other incompetent hacks at Heritage)?1	Several points here.1	The wrongness took a few years to become irrefutable.1	"Much as I want full employment, there is some lower bound on the unemployment rate, a rate that you just can't achieve on a sustained basis with demand-side policies."1	Most of the headlines I've seen focus on the amazing price tag: $6.8 trillion of unfunded tax cuts in the first decade.1	"One of the key insights in Keynes's General Theory — actually, THE key insight — was that the loanable funds theory of the interest rate was incomplete."1	"Only a little bit: after all, this is a plan seeking to provide health care, not lavish windfalls on the rich — and single-payer really does save money, whereas there's no evidence that tax cuts deliver growth."1	* What E&R do here is use a broad international cross-section to overcome this problem.1	"The point, then, is that by demanding that Greece run even bigger primary surpluses, the troika is in effect demanding that Greece make sacrifices on the order of an additional 7.5 or 8 percent of GDP as compared with the standstill the Greek government proposes."1	"I know that Obama supporters want to hear no evil, but this is really, really bad."1	"Here's one of the figures from his paper, with all variables expressed in natural logs: With the end of fixed rates, relative prices became much more variable, with real exchange rates tracking nominal rates."1	"It's very, very strange, and distressing."1	"Well, we don't have to speculate."1	This multiplier effect has immediate fiscal implications.1	"I'd like to think so – but we'll never know for sure, because the basic Keynesian view has in fact worked very well in the crisis."1	"I think the worst of this may well be over.” Alan Greenspan, October 2006."1	"Are there any papers that, in my view, do this right?"1	"Keen starts from a picture I drew to illustrate the nature of a liquidity trap: He then says, aha!"1	"It tells you what the interest rate would be conditional on the level of GDP; or to put it another way, it defines a relationship between the interest rate and GDP, like this: This is the IS curve, taught in Econ 101."1	"It follows that the level of debt matters only if the distribution of net worth matters, if highly indebted players face different constraints from players with low debt."1	"In fact, not only doesn't supply create its own demand; experience since 2008 suggests, if anything, that the reverse is largely true – specifically, that inadequate demand destroys supply."1	"Again, I have nothing against structural reform; some of my best friends are structural reforms."1	"For example, from Harvard Joseph Schumpeter argued that there was a “presumption against remedial measures which work through money and credit."1	"But, you say, Greece."1	"But these days China is in big trouble, and is trying to keep the value of its currency up, not down: foreign exchange reserves are plunging in the face of huge capital flight, to the tune of a trillion dollars over the past year."1	"Why, exactly, is he running?"1	"Notice how Keynesians responded to the partial failure of a prediction: by asking what they got wrong, and how their model of the world needed to be adjusted."1	"Regulate and supervise, then rescue if necessary; there's no way to make this automatic."1	Which brings us to the current state of affairs.1	"This time around there is even more reason not to assume that we know where the NAIRU is, because we now know that premature rate hikes can all too easily land you in a low-inflation trap that's very hard to escape."1	"So let's think of a maximalist case, in which Greece stopped running a primary surplus at all (this is not a proposal)."1	"Basically, in the modern world deposits are actually more liquid than cash, at least for most transactions that don't involve controlled substances or concrete overshoes."1	moment here.1	"Well, as Hicks realized, a minimal model of macro issues involves three markets: the markets for goods, bonds, and money (or, better, monetary base)."1	"Now, what we're hearing about the Obama plan is that it calls for $775 billion over two years, with $300 billion in tax cuts and the rest in spending."1	That's highly implausible as a story about what's happening right now; but it may be true that China's urge to loosen capital controls is driven in part by its global-currency ambitions.1	What can we do to fight imported economic weakness? 1	"It's not clear why it would drive up long-term rates, either, since these mainly reflect expected short-term rates."1	So the normal way the economy would cope with the balance sheet problems of the Sams is through a period of low rates.1	"One is that we have a special problem of lack of business confidence, driven by fiscal worries, failure to make needed structural reforms, and maybe even careless rhetoric."1	"It's always funny when people paint me as some kind of wild Marxist, with views on monetary and fiscal policy completely outside the mainstream; I may write forcefully, but on the substance there's usually very little difference between what I say and what my ultra-respectable former schoolmates say."1	Don't tell me that Portugal has had bad policies in the past and has deep structural problems.1	"But you can't use Argentina as a reason to fear Grexit at this point, given that once again the financial panic has already happened."1	"At Chicago they believed that they had The Truth, and all other views were nonsense to be consigned to the dustbin of history."1	Tim Taylor writes about low interest rates.1	So where are these huge sums outside health care?1	Awesome.1	Where all three lines cross (remember the adding up) is the equilibrium for the economy as a whole.1	"As I've tried to explain, we're basically in a situation of incipient excess supply of savings."1	"Now, what you learned back then was that the transmission mechanism worked largely through housing."1	drumroll … Milton Friedman.1	And I worry that this is what is happening to the insiders.1	Here's a rolling 12-month sum of interest in Simpson as measured by Google Trends:1	"That's pretty wild stuff; you wouldn't want to take it seriously without a lot of evidence, which the BIS does not provide."1	"Here's the question: Even if you ignore everything else, can austerity policies really improve the debt position of a country in Greece's situation?"1	I really like this kind of argument.1	"Just to be clear: Hillary Clinton is no paragon of political virtue, although she's nothing like the monster everyone on the right and some people on the left like to portray."1	Big tax cuts tilted toward the 1 percent were George W. Bush's signature domestic achievement.1	"Instead, however, it continued to demand the same policies, while inventing new justifications."1	Hillary Clinton has come under some criticism over the question of whether she really has a plan to achieve her populist agenda.1	"First of all, we did not, repeat not, have massive stimulus."1	"This process only stops once the yen has fallen enough that investors consider it undervalued, and are willing to buy Japanese securities in the expectation of a future yen rise."1	This is a group that hedge funds and bubbleheads love to hate.1	"Time drifted away — it was 10:10, then 10:20, the audience was growing restive, and I felt terrible for the performers, who seemed to be losing their chance to perform."1	"I was especially annoyed at this paragraph: In the past, I have called this the problem of “snowbank macroeconomics:” just as a driver of a car stuck in a snowbank can press the gas pedal as hard as they want and not make much progress, it seems to me that we are in a situation where monetary and fiscal stimulus that has been extremely high by historical standards since about 2008 has had a much smaller effect on output and inflation than would have been expected before the Great Recession."1	"As I said, this isn't the real reason currencies fluctuate so much, but no matter."1	"I'm still working this one out, but at best it makes austerity successful at reducing the debt ratio in the very long run — think decades, not years."1	"Larry has had his time running the world, but right now he sounds exactly like me: “Deflation and secular stagnation are the threats of our time."1	Dean Baker gets upset by this line in today's very useful Keith Bradsher article: China is the biggest buyer of Treasury bonds at a time when the United States has record budget deficits and needs China to keep buying those bonds to finance American debt.1	"Not to keep you in suspense, I'm thumbs down."1	"It's an uncertain world, but why do those in office come down on one side of that uncertainty, while those outside come down on the other?"1	Banks are largely in the business of borrowing short and lending long; anything that compresses the spread between short rates and long rates is likely to be bad for their profits.1	Government is the root of all evil!1	But there's another important factor.1	"It can pursue reforms that might make it more competitive, but anyone promising dramatic, quick results has no idea what he is talking about."1	Think about the arithmetic (which has a well-known liberal bias).1	But why?1	"Instead, the usual suspects stick their heads in the sand and pretend that they have been right all along."1	So the money supply broadly defined hasn't taken off – a complete surprise!1	"McCain the myth is who they see, and keep putting on TV."1	"The reason I'm hesitating a bit before simply declaring trade the culprit is the issue of causation, and the related issue of whether those deficits are likely to persist."1	"What Brad argues are two propositions that run very much counter to the prevailing wisdom, especially among Very Serious People."1	Why?1	But the root remains the balance of payments/cost problem.1	"Furthermore, we have a very clear model that tells us what interest rates would be in the absence of distortions and rigidities, the Wicksellian natural rate — the rate of interest consistent with an economy subject neither to inflationary overheating nor deflationary excess supply."1	Technology hasn't retrogressed; institutions haven't suddenly gotten far worse.1	Let me count the ways.1	"But one form of argument that is really illegitimate is to comb through the data, pick out outliers, and claiming that the existence of these outliers — because stuff does, in fact, happen — disproves Keynesian logic."1	"Despite imposing large middle-class taxes, his “gesture toward a future plan”, as Ezra puts it, relies on the assumption of huge cost savings."1	Then we have a problem.1	Aid on that scale is inconceivable in Europe as currently constituted.1	"But along the way there were deep recessions and soaring unemployment, which went on much longer than you could justify with any plausible story about the monetary shock being unanticipated."1	"I do, however, have a pretty good idea of what Greece is asking for on the fiscal side, and it might be useful to talk about the arithmetic behind that position."1	"But that's not the case for Britain; clearly, IS shifts right."1	Did the behavior of real exchange rates — relative price levels expressed in a common currency — change?1	And their results look pretty Keynesian.1	"Not long ago I received a copy of MIT and the Transformation of American Economics, a collection of essays on how American economics became model- and math-oriented after World War II, and of the special role played by the department Paul Samuelson built."1	"But then there's the other side – freshwater, equilibrium, more or less classical macro."1	"Not default — Japan doesn't have to default, because its debts are in its own currency."1	That's a good point.1	"Who gets cited by, say, Republican governors seeking authority for their tax cuts, or published on a regular basis on conservative opinion pages?"1	"Actually, a bit of background: establishment Republicans may talk free trade, but they are if anything more protectionist than Democrats in practice (although neither party is seriously protectionist these days.)"1	"(Maybe it is optimal, but it's far from proved, and there's certainly no consensus.)"1	Why?1	And there's another parallel: many of those decrying the conflict within macro without facing up to the real sources of that conflict are playing the same unhelpful role being played by fanatical centrists within the punditocracy.1	"As the late Rudi Dornbusch used to say, it takes two nominals to make a real, and in Modigliani it actually does all come down to M/w."1	"(Some devotees of Keynes claim that people like me aren't really Keynesians – and while there are some serious grounds for the charge, part of the reason is precisely that we've treated Keynes as an inspiration to be modified in the face of evidence rather than as holy writ)."1	So let me repost in its entirety my take on the balance-sheet recession issue.1	There are other things the Fed can do; they would help; uncertainty about how much they would help shouldn't be a reason not to try.1	But we know no such thing.1	"In the late 60s, Friedman and Phelps warned of the risk of stagflation, and were vindicated in the 1970s."1	"Both the phrase and the subject have gone out of fashion — but it's still an important issue, and arguably now more than ever."1	"Um, how about Pimco's own chief economist, Paul McCulley?"1	The usual one is to claim that Keynesians predicted great results from the Obama stimulus (which I very noisily did not).1	"Let me quote from a wonderful essay by Molly Ivins (read the whole thing): Satire is a weapon, and it can be quite cruel."1	One thing is for sure: this chart says nothing whatsoever about the role of “anti-business” policies.1	"After all, to a first approximation debt is money we owe to ourselves – yes, the US has debt to China etc., but that's not at the heart of the problem."1	"I actually see five arguments out there — two (including the actual Ricardian equivalence argument) completely and embarrassingly wrong on logical grounds, three more that aren't logical nonsense but fly in the face of the evidence."1	"Time for a bit of analytical thinking, which is good for the soul in any case."1	How should we think about the bargaining that may or may not now take place between the new Greek government and the troika?1	And I worry that this is what is happening to the insiders.1	"Prices fell sharply at the beginning of the Great Depression, when the real economy was collapsing; but they began rising again when the economy began to recover, even though there was still a huge negative output gap."1	"And in 2009-2010 the firm won big by betting, correctly, on interest rates staying low."1	It cannot respond to the opportunities which industry may offer.1	"And since the forward premium is basically equal to the interest-rate differential, this in turn means inferring Japanese inflation expectations as equal to the US TIPS spread minus the difference between US and Japanese rates."1	"If you want to claim that it will happen nonetheless, show me the model!"1	"Nothing about our current situation, except maybe the absence of outright deflation, is at all surprising or mysterious."1	And so that's what must have happened.1	"n each case, the expected awfulness is the product of the probability of election versus the awfulness if elected, i.e., the area of a rectangle whose base is the probability and whose height is the awfulness:"1	"What we already have here is an understanding that there isn't that kind of clean separation, that money can affect interest rates and spending affect output."1	But I had my road-to-Damascus moment — or more accurately road-to-Tokyo moment — back in 1998.1	It's important to realize that we're not just talking about monetary ignoramuses like Rand Paul and George Will.1	"As he notes, the day after he wrote that post, Steven Pearlstein of the Washington Post made exactly that argument for austerity."1	CR says 2009; I say 2010.1	"The attitude on display from quite a few economists bears a distinct resemblance to Depression-era liquidationism, as described in Brad DeLong's excellent but somehow never published book on the economic history of the 20th century: … the unwillingness to use policy to prop up the economy during the slide into the Depression was backed by a large chorus, and approved by the most eminent economists."1	"Basically, they've thrown out 80 years of economic analysis and evidence because it doesn't fit their ideological preconceptions, and they're resorting to dubious metaphors – “sugar high” and all that – as a substitute for clear thinking."1	"Where does anyone get the notion that it's a problem requiring structural reform, or even necessarily a problem structural reform can solve?"1	"But that hasn't been happening; yes, there's a slight uptick in some U.S. inflation measures, but nothing out there that suggests an interest rate that is way too low in this macroeconomic sense."1	"We don't have access to different facts; we don't, in any fundamental sense, have different economic models."1	Why?1	"In a way, the problem with Bernanke's speech was that he made increasing demand and fighting deflation sound too easy."1	Nor did it cut it for traditional conservatives.1	"And someone who is careless, cynical, or both, could easily take the faster growth of these states as evidence that conservative economic policies work."1	"Yet somehow, it's clear, Beltway groupthink has arrived at the opposite conclusion — so much so that the actual economic consensus on this issue wasn't even represented on the Newshour."1	"We have EITC and food stamps; TANF, the successor to old-fashioned welfare, is a shadow of the former program."1	"Say _ = 1.3 and _=0.4, both more or less in the middle of the evidence; then higher spending would reduce the primary surplus by less than half the initial spending rise."1	"Beyond that, let's talk about the economics."1	"On the whole, it seems less likely for the outsiders, although it's true that the Keynesian econoblogs form what amounts to a tight ongoing discussion group that could be doing some amplification of its own: But if you ask me, there's a worrying complacency among the insiders right now, and I would urge them to consider the potential consequences if they're wrong."1	"Loanable funds says that the interest rate is determined by the supply of and demand for saving; Keynes pointed out that the supply of saving is endogenous, depending on the level of output."1	What about TPP?1	"But the economy overall does not care if you buy a car, or if you lend money to a company that buys a forklift."1	"And because they never do the simple version, they don't realize (or at any rate don't admit to themselves) how fundamentally silly the whole thing sounds, how much it's at odds with lived experience."1	"The right lacks heavyweight economists with independent reputations partly because they are hard to find, but also because it doesn't want them."1	The people who gathered at the anti-Jackson-Hole event weren't warning about bubbles and too-big-to-fail.1	The macroeconomics equivalent looks like this: a concerned writer or speaker on economics bemoans the state of the field and argues that what we really need are macroeconomists who are willing to approach the subject with an open mind and change their views if the evidence doesn't support their model.1	"I don't disagree, although there are some issues I need to think through."1	"So Montier offers a lot of evidence that interest rates move a lot, which isn't news to anyone, and then one argument he apparently thinks is a big thing economists don't know — that business investment is basically unaffected by interest rates."1	So you want to think of the economic environment for yesterday's election as being roughly comparable to that facing Clinton in 1996.1	I've also taken to wearing a serious heart-rate monitor when doing cardio.1	What went wrong with the economics profession?1	"As Brad says, the required rate of return on safe assets and the marginal product of capital are separated by a major wedge."1	"A few years back, rising commodity prices and a flood of money into emerging markets were proof that low rates were dangerously inflationary and must be hiked."1	"The point is that while issues of debt relief are in large part arguments about accounting fiction, the question of how large a primary surplus Greece runs is real and has powerful implications for the economic outlook."1	"In both the Soltas and Keohane pieces, there's a discussion of storage costs for currency, which are not as trivial as one might have assumed."1	"What that means is that while the Fed should be doing more, so should other actors: unconventional monetary policy should go along with fiscal stimulus."1	"And yes, I have a model."1	That's basically the thrust of Mort Zuckerman's op-ed accusing Obama of “demonizing” business.1	"We're all doing a lot of head-scratching lately about negative rates, but still, it's clear that there's something like a floor, so that the picture looks something like Figure 3: And that in turn says that once you hit that flat section – once you are in a liquidity trap – the rules change."1	"I've been giving various talks and fireside chats here in Oxford, and one thing I keep coming back to is the pivotal role of the 1980s in the development of economic thought."1	"At the margin, then, money is just being held as a store of value, and changes in the money supply have no effect."1	I was struck by some of what Sims had to say.1	"OK, a crude calculation: 1."1	But I always felt than Ben was overstating the effectiveness of such purchases.1	"Over at the Economix blog, Binyamin Appelbaum has a post about Stan Fischer's role in the early development of New Keynesian macroeconomics."1	So Bernanke argues that what Summers sees as evidence of secular stagnation actually reflects the global savings glut.1	"No, it isn't — and it was the remarkable fact that prominent economists were saying things like this, as if none of the debates of the 1930s had happened, that led me to proclaim a Dark Age of macroeconomics."1	And there's a reason for that difference.1	So nobody should be surprised that a candidate who appears to be disregarding the analysis that led to these positions is coming in for some criticism.1	"And as a result, monetary traction is far from obvious."1	21	He was supposed to be seeking the support of the business community for a doubling of exports over the next five years.1	"What we actually see is almost three times that move, suggesting that the main driver here is the perception of permanent, or at any rate very long term European weakness."1	There's no reason trade couldn't be the same way.1	What would have posed an intellectual puzzle would have been a rapid bounceback to full employment.1	"Beyond that, the general proposition that money matters also rests on a lot of careful empirical work — in fact, on two styles of careful work."1	But in terms of the underlying dynamics that makes no difference.1	It's not “impossible” but it's a logistical and political nightmare.1	"Rudi's overshooting model — rational expectations in the currency market, but ad hoc price stickiness in the good market — was the classic example; my own liquidity trap analysis, using rational expectations to think about demand and money, but assuming short-run rigidity to get real effects, was very much in the same tradition."1	"We experienced the mother of all housing bubbles, fueled by a huge, unsustainable rise in household debt – yet all we got was a fairly unimpressive expansion by historical standards, and little if any inflationary overheating."1	"Eighty years of hard economic thinking, and seven years of overwhelming confirmation of that hard thinking, have made no dent in their worldview."1	In that case the picture looks like this: Why is the LM curve flat at zero?1	Indeed.1	Pundit centrism in modern America is a strange thing.1	"After all, if building aircraft carriers saved the economy in 1941, and defenses against imaginary aliens would save the economy in 2013, it's not clear why real aircraft carriers have the opposite effect."1	So I set out to show the point with a minimalist New Keynesian model; link to the little paper I wrote here.1	Now what?1	"It looks like this: We can think of demand as being determined by an IS curve, with real spending higher the lower the interest rate."1	"And they look like this (bear in mind that these are percentage changes, so you can't read the slope of a trend line as a multiplier): Does this picture make you think that Keynesian economics is nonsense?"1	"Dean Baker is exercised over Hiatt's evident longing for a financial crisis to get action on the policies he believes are necessary to avoid an, um, financial crisis; indeed, Hiatt is following in the inglorious footsteps of Alan Greenspan, who declared almost three years ago that the failure of interest rates and inflation to soar was “regrettable”, rather than being an indication that his model of the economy was wrong."1	"On the other hand, that in turn isn't as much of a coincidence as it might seem, because there was a big financial conference here, and the set of economists who get invited to such things isn't that extensive."1	"Such effects can be offset with interest rate changes if you're not at the zero almost lower bound, but we are."1	Milton Friedman – who thought he had liberated conservatism from this kind of nonsense –must be spinning in his grave.1	And the framework in question – basically John Hicks's interpretation of John Maynard Keynes – was very much the natural way to think about the issues facing advanced countries after 2008.1	(Nobody takes just one bite out of a cherry.)1	"Instead, however, Brad has come up with what I believe are seriously new ideas — enough so that I want to do two posts, following different lines of thought he suggests."1	"Ezra tries to get us to appreciate just how good the Obamacare news has been with a thought experiment: Imagine taking a time machine back to 2010 and telling Republicans in Congress, who were arguing that the CBO was wildly underestimating Obamacare's cost, that the law would be cheaper than predicted and, at least in the states that accepted its Medicaid dollars, cover more people than the Congressional Budget Office thought."1	"Florida, however, has its retirement and much of its health care paid for from Washington."1	"Like everyone, the bankers no doubt are able to persuade themselves that what's good for them is good for America and the world; more alarmingly, they may be able to persuade officials who should know better."1	"Um, no."1	But the free fall ended quite soon after the peso was devalued.1	"The answer is, it's from a paper titled The Problem of Unemployment and the Changing Structure of Industry (subscription required), from the Journal of the American Statistical Association, published in 1935."1	One of my long-running gripes about much discussion of current economic issues is about what I consider the long-run dodge.1	and dubbed this view an “atrophied and rigid caricature” of the quantity theory.1	"There was a time, not long ago, when Republicans — whatever you might think of their other ideas — were part of the mainstream consensus on monetary policy."1	"So more adjustment is needed, right?"1	And it's very big.1	"So in trying to understand where the Milton Friedmans of yore have gone, you want to look at the demand side."1	"All that's on the table is a reduction in the primary surplus — that is, a reduction in Greek payments on existing debt."1	The subject was the Trans-Pacific Partnership; slides for my talk are here.1	"It's always funny when people paint me as some kind of wild Marxist, with views on monetary and fiscal policy completely outside the mainstream; I may write forcefully, but on the substance there's usually very little difference between what I say and what my ultra-respectable former schoolmates say."1	"On Monday night we had a panel discussion of the euro crisis at Princeton — me, Chris Sims, Hyun Shin, Markus Brunnermeier."1	It's actually a surprisingly tight relationship.1	"For example, unemployment relief financed by loans is more readily accepted than the financing of improvements at a charge below the current rate of interest; whilst the form of digging holes in the ground known as gold-mining, which not only adds nothing whatever to the real wealth of the world but involves the disutility of labour, is the most acceptable of all solutions."1	Neither the hawks nor the doves (nor anyone else) expected that.1	That passage has been held up by many people as an example of the wrong-headedness that prevailed at the time.1	I'm getting the same kind of thing a lot on issues macroeconomic.1	"But there are a lot of external debts all the same, reflecting private sector borrowing — and foreign currency reserves are dropping fast in part thanks to private capital flight."1	"Events since then have, as I see it, been a huge vindication for the IS-LM types – despite some headline inflation driven by commodity prices – and a huge failure for the soaring-rates-and-inflation crowd."1	"And in these assertions, I'd suggest, he goes somewhat astray."1	"Ignore the numbers, which as best I can tell are all wrong (is this becoming an FT trademark?"1	But so is Mr. Trump.1	"But surely the raw observations are consistent with the view that in depressed economies, cutting government spending hurts growth."1	Keynesian economists made some pretty clear predictions around 3 years ago – predictions that were very much at odds with what anti-Keynesians were saying.1	"And because they never do the simple version, they don't realize (or at any rate don't admit to themselves) how fundamentally silly the whole thing sounds, how much it's at odds with lived experience."1	"Unfortunately, senior MIT faculty were not available."1	"I have no idea, or at any rate no idea beyond what any diligent reader of press reports might glean."1	No and no.1	"The latter is dubious economics — the IMF's own research doesn't support enthusiasm about structural reforms, especially in the labor market."1	The risks tilt heavility toward inflation rates below official targets.1	"Update: If this report is true, Ben B. is thinking along similar lines."1	But standard discourse on macroeconomics has not fully taken the non-deflation surprise into account.1	But it ain't so.1	"And while trade barriers were higher in the 1930s than before, this was partly a response to the Depression, partly a consequence of deflation, which made specific tariffs (i.e., tariffs that are stated in dollars per unit, not as a percentage of value) loom larger."1	It prevents housing bubbles and stabilizes the financial system!1	"Lazear's question is whether a large part of the rise in unemployment is “structural”, that is, reflecting supply factors, or whether it's mainly simple lack of demand."1	"The right is purist, uncompromising, and ultimately not interested in contrary evidence; the left is much more open and empirical."1	"But yesterday's Steve Rattner article, misuse of labor cost data aside, had me thinking about an issue that has had me annoyed ever since this crisis began: the constant efforts on the part of Very Serious People to turn discussions away from monetary and fiscal policy, recessions and sluggish recoveries, to the supposedly more fundamental issues of structural reform and long-term growth."1	From various bat squeaks I've put together a view of what I think lies behind the surprising — and damaging — deficit squeamishness of the Obama administration.1	"What Meltzer does, instead, is complain that the Fed has undermined his perfectly fine analysis."1	"Here you have monetary economists who made a totally wrong prediction, at a time when other people were not only getting it right, but explaining carefully both the theoretical and the empirical basis for their prediction."1	"How many people, I wonder — even among economists who have eagerly taken sides in the austerity debate — have a sense of what the overall picture looks like since the great turn to austerity in 2010?"1	We just had another electoral earthquake in the euro area: Podemos-backed candidates have won local elections in Madrid and Barcelona.1	"I'm not ready to referee this one, at least not yet."1	"To my own surprise, what the model actually said was that when you're at the zero lower bound, the size of the current money supply does not matter at all."1	"Hicks didn't invent general equilibrium, of course, but he sought to turn it into a useful tool of analysis."1	"Unfortunately, that underlying Foxification of perceptions marries all too well with the tendency of some — only some — Sanders supporters to assume that any skepticism about their hero's proposals or prospects must reflect personal corruption."1	The defective alternator is the financial system.1	And I hope that the IFKAT — the institutions formerly known as the troika — are paying attention.1	"Unfortunately, the argument from personal incredulity isn't restricted to right-wing hacks."1	And maybe describing my own conversion to monetary pessimism may help clarify what's happening now.1	"So Greece is, in effect, only asking that it get to recognize the reality everyone supposedly already understands."1	"For evidence, look no further than the impact of government borrowing on long-term interest rates in the U.S. during the Great Depression, or more recently, Japan."1	Yet the creators of the euro essentially threw away hard-won wisdom — stuff that Bagehot knew in the 19th century!1	"It's important to understand that we're not debating about whether Ricardian equivalence is right; even if it were (it isn't), what the anti-Keynesians were saying was wrong, as I tried to explain a number of times."1	Evidently the Spanish people don't agree.1	"Fiscal policy is “not wholly dependent on expectations changing for its effect (more robust to alternative models of expectations)” That's about what I was thinking in, say, January 2009."1	): That tells you everything you need to know about why “internal devaluation” has been such a costly strategy — and why the ECB's failure to move aggressively early on to achieve and if possible surpass its 2 percent inflation target was a major contributing factor to this disaster.1	"Instead, reputation comes out of clever papers and snappy seminar presentations."1	"In the early stages of the Lesser Depression, those of us who knew a bit about the macroeconomic debates of the 1930s, and realized how relevant the hard-won insights of Keynes and Hicks were to the post-financial crisis world, often felt a sense of despair."1	"Quite a few people — including a lot of people on Wall Street, at the BIS, and so on — look at this and say that it's terrible: the Fed is keeping interest rates “artificially low” and thereby distorting asset prices across the board, and it will all end in grief."1	This in turn should mean that the usefulness of deposits is irrelevant in trying to find the true lower bound.1	What does that even mean?1	"Specifically, in the past the Sams have borrowed from the Janets to pay for consumption."1	"It's awesome to see the ultra-respectable BIS go down this path, and be taken seriously along the way."1	"Mandel and Barnes, building off work by Goldman Sachs, suggest an ingenious workaround: they use inflation expectations inferred from US TIPS, then adjust by the forward exchange rate."1	"The big news prior to the plunge was, of course, fracking and all that, which has abruptly reversed the long slide in domestic production: You might think that this surge in production, by reducing imports, has left the US relatively insulated from oil shocks."1	"The whiteness is, I believe, an important part of the story, as I'll explain in a minute."1	"Greg Ip, in correspondence, directs me to Chapter 3 of the latest IMF World Economic Outlook, which among other things contains an analysis of a case that bears directly on the attempts of euro area countries to restore economic health through fiscal austerity and internal devaluation: Britain's return to the gold standard after World War I."1	But that's the point: single-payer just isn't a political possibility starting from here.1	This means being continually surprised by the radicalism of the base.1	What Eurostat gives us are budget balances in euroland as a percentage of GDP.1	But it's more than that: these alleged technocrats have in fact systematically ignored both textbook macroeconomics and the lessons of history in favor of fantasies.1	Let's first ask whether the possibility of investing abroad obviates the problem of liquidity traps in general (as opposed to secular stagnation.)1	"But what we should be doing, I now realize, is focusing not on broad classes but on very specific business interests."1	"Link replaced A new paper by Marion Fourcade, Etienne Ollion, and Yann Algan on the structure of academic economics (pdf) is getting a fair bit of attention among people I talk to."1	"It's demand, all the way."1	May the best person win.1	"By the way, there was a second natural experiment with Europe's move back to fixed rates, and then eventually to the euro."1	"Anyway, you now know what kind of people we're dealing with."1	"But I won't claim that the data prove Hicks/Keynes models right; the point is just that when you do the obvious comparisons, say between austerity and growth, they're pretty much what a Keynesian would have said: What hasn't worked nearly as well is our understanding of aggregate supply — which was, if truth be told, always based on much less solid reasoning."1	"You can point out that they would have done a much better job of investing if they had listened to the MIT gang; sorry, we're just not their kind of people."1	But how should we think about this?1	Sound like anyone you know?1	I used to refer to the circuit in international economics as the “floating crap game”.1	"“Full employment” clearly means an unemployment rate near 5 — the CBO says 5.2 for the NAIRU, which seems high to me."1	But not too much of one.1	"Moreover, the depressed state of the economy can cripple the process of deleveraging itself, both because debtors don't have the income to pay down their debts and because falling inflation or deflation increases the real value of debt relative to expectations."1	"On revenue, it declared: The path for revenues as a percentage of GDP was specified by Chairman Ryan's staff."1	Jobs created by stimulus spending are offset by jobs lost from the decline in private spending.1	"I don't know about you, but I feel that I'm having an Aha!"1	"The movement prefers hacks, who needn't be even minimally competent but can be counted on to defend the party line without any risk of taking an independent stand."1	"You often find people declaring that it's only thanks to the special role of the dollar that the United States has been able to run persistent trade deficits — you see, people have to take our money."1	What's the state of the Greek crisis?1	Then I'm probably going to set my price about 5 percent higher than I would if I were only taking current conditions into account.1	That surplus is believed to be currently running at about 1.5 percent of GDP.1	"True, there's no reason to suppose that Paul is deliberately misleading his market – he probably believes his own nonsense."1	"So the demand for higher rates is coming from a narrow business interest group, not the one percent in general."1	"But the ur-SHC is John McCain, the Straight-Talking Maverick."1	"The point is that it's entirely reasonable to believe that the big factors driving globalization were one-time changes that are receding in the rear-view mirror, so that we should expect the share of trade in GDP to plateau — and that this doesn't represent any kind of problem."1	"Kash focuses on the change from 2009 to 2011 as an indicator of austerity, although as he notes, falling GDP means that the true amount of austerity in places like Greece is much bigger than that."1	And the latest edition is no exception.1	So it might behoove Meltzer to admit that he was wrong and ask where his analysis went wrong.1	"I think it's useful to ask why, as a practical matter, conventional policy-oriented macroeconomists (myself included) used to think we could normally count on a fairly quick return to full employment after a shock — and why we shouldn't think so anymore."1	They were: 1.1	"The IMF has just released a new paper on austerity that is kind of heavy going (unnecessarily, I think), but ends up making a simple but important point."1	We don't need the bridge to do that.1	But I'm used to this stuff.1	"And we have low inflation with high unemployment, strongly suggesting that the natural rate of interest is below current levels, and that the key problem is the zero lower bound which keeps us from getting there."1	"But for me, at least, the technology helps a lot, not because of the information, exactly, but because it makes self-deception harder."1	"Because if it works, how will we get structural reform?"1	"For those wondering what I'm talking about: in the 1970s rational-expectations macroeconomists, led above all by Chicago's Robert Lucas, made an extremely influential case against any kind of activist policy."1	"Obviously Russia's problems stem from other things besides the oil price, namely Ukraine and the fallout thereof."1	"Oh, and one more thing: are there no copy editors at the FT?"1	Brad Delong recalls to us Alan Greenspan's lamentable 2010 op-ed on US debt and deficits.1	"But as I said, the dynamic is very different this time."1	"His point is that we've conjured up images of very sensible highly educated wonky people doing the right thing, even as they destroy the world."1	Households borrowed too much; now you want the government to borrow even more?1	"And of course for those who do get their news from Fox, well, they know, just know, that Obamacare has reduced the number of Americans with insurance and caused premiums to double or something, even though even their favorite news source isn't saying such things."1	"Let's look at a sample of more or less orthodox sticky-price open-economy macro — in this case, Menzie Chinn's lecture notes (pdf)."1	"The really strange thing about all this is that this turn toward hard-money mysticism is taking place even as events have demonstrated that the advantages of not being on a gold standard, of having a fiat currency that can be printed freely in emergencies, are even greater than standard analysis had supposed."1	There are other things the Fed can do; they would help; uncertainty about how much they would help shouldn't be a reason not to try.1	Brad DeLong is bemused by the way Tyler Cowen makes very heavy going of the simple concept of the natural rate of interest.1	Ted Cruz somewhat surprised Janet Yellen by accusing the Fed of causing the Great Recession by tightening monetary policy in 2008; David Beckworth sort-of-kind-of supports Cruz by arguing that the Fed did in fact “passively” tighten by failing to do enough to offset falling spending.1	Most discussion is framed in terms of what happens to the debt.1	What you really have to wonder about is all the not-stupid economists who have aligned themselves with this guy and that crew.1	"In other words, that big decline from 2001 to 2002 is mainly telling us about the effects of the pre-devaluation panic, not the effects of devaluation itself."1	"In particular, the Japanese market in inflation-protected securities is considered too thin to rely on."1	"But you need to think about the incentives for holding a dollar in one form or the other at the margin, and I think that changes the story."1	"No matter how bleak the outlook, this is your dominant strategy."1	"From the point of the Greeks, however, it's crucial; the difference between a primary surplus of 4.5 percent of GDP and, say, 1.5 percent of GDP for the Greek economy and the welfare of its citizens is huge."1	By this I mean the attempt to change the subject away from unemployment and inadequate demand toward supposedly more fundamental issues of education and structural reform.1	"It follows that the level of debt matters only if the distribution of net worth matters, if highly indebted players face different constraints from players with low debt."1	What does this have to do with macroeconomics?1	"I didn't want to mix this in with my substantive Portugal post, but a few readers might be interested in some maudlin memories from my youth."1	I guess readers didn't get the reference in my last post.1	— is not at all the correct implication to draw from a balance-sheet view.1	"That's why in early 2009, when the WSJ, the Austrians, and the other usual suspects were screaming about soaring rates and runaway inflation, those who understood IS-LM were predicting that interest rates would stay low and that even a tripling of the monetary base would not be inflationary."1	"And this makes sense: the case for secular stagnation in Europe is considerably stronger than it is for the U.S.. Working-age population is declining, Japan-style; the euro system, with a shared currency but no fiscal integration, arguably imparts a strong contractionary bias to fiscal policy; and core inflation is already down to just 0.6 percent."1	"Suppose that he can borrow for a while, using the borrowed money to buy useful things like rail tunnels under the Hudson."1	"One of the ideas floating around in the aftermath of the sack of Athens has been that of, in effect, deposing Syriza from outside and installing a “technocratic” government."1	The flow – the rate of purchases – matters only to the extent that it affects expected returns.1	"But to get costs down to, say, Canadian levels, we'd need to do what they do: say no to patients, telling them that they can't always have the treatment they want."1	So if you believe that the Fed has been keeping rates artificially low for years on end — which is apparently what Everyone believes — where's my overheated economy?1	"But the fact remains that our current problem is, in effect, a problem of excess worldwide savings, looking for someplace to go."1	Who said this?1	I sometimes encounter Europeans who think my harsh criticism of the troika and its policies means that I'm anti-European.1	And the GOP platform will reportedly include a call for steps toward a return to the gold standard.1	"Second, because Spanish debt is in euros, scenario A implies a significantly worse debt burden."1	But there's something I've noticed from the combination of reactions to what I write and researching past coverage of Obamacare.1	They just move resources from one use to another.1	"But her data analysis here is, I think, misleading."1	"You can argue that even without Rudi's leadership, international macro would probably have rejected the perfectly-flexible-prices, it's-all-equilibrium tendency."1	"Here's the S&P 500 versus the 10-year TIPS spread, the difference between 10-year interest rates on ordinary government bonds and inflation-protected bonds: That's pretty clear: since some time in 2008 the correlation has been awesomely close."1	"If you work with international data, the evidence for price stickiness is so overwhelming that it's hard to stay in denial."1	Not necessarily.1	"But Rudi Dornbusch brought something extra: he showed how to bring rational expectations, at least as a hypothesis, into the sticky-price paradigm, and showed that you could do interesting, fun stuff with the combination."1	"And now we have the post-2008 experience, and it's certainly not an example of central banks easily dealing with economic downdrafts."1	"Greece isn't going to the market at all these days, since it's getting all its funding from the bailout package."1	"Formally, that's true."1	So how do we think about this?1	"Well, that's the kind of question that should be handled by a professional historian of thought, or at least someone with the time and inclination to go through a lot of records, do interviews, and so on."1	"First is the zero lower bound on the interest rate: after a sufficiently large shock, the Taylor rule may say that you should keep cutting rates, but you can't."1	What a great experience.1	"I'm tempted to go on and say something about being overrun by barbarians in the grip of an obscurantist faith, but I guess I won't."1	There was a big logical problem with that story: How can the Fed do that without causing inflation?1	"And then taxing them later isn't going to help, we know that."1	"There have been a lot of shockingly bad performances among macroeconomists in this crisis; but if I had to pick the one that is most startling, it is the way freshwater economists have demonstrated that they don't understand one of their own doctrines, that of Ricardian equivalence."1	Not quite.1	"Yes, and it also increases employment in industries that compete with imports."1	But never mind the personal aspect.1	"And look: if the political theory behind supporting Sanders is that the American people will vote for radical change if you're honest about what's involved, the campaign's evident unwillingness to fully confront the issues, its reliance on magic asterisks, very much weakens that claim."1	"The same factor plays a major role in explaining differential US regional growth, and thereby hangs a tale."1	"And since they are also important issues, pretending that they aren't is a form of moral cowardice."1	"But there's another aspect of the story, which is Moore himself: this is a guy who has a troubled relationship with facts."1	I calculate the amount the budget balance “should” have changed as 0.45*(growth from 2009 to 2011 – 4).1	But are they the whole story?1	In this case the IS curve includes the effect of a weaker currency in promoting net exports.1	"What happened was that Grant sent a force around Lee's right, to threaten his lines of communication."1	"In particular, a lot of what you hear about macro issues is monocausal: money drives the price level, borrowing drives interest rates."1	"Here's what net borrowing by the US private and public sectors looks like in the Fed's flow of funds report: The US private sector has gone from being a huge net borrower to being a net lender; meanwhile, government borrowing has surged, but not enough to offset the private plunge."1	"Of course, the fit isn't perfect."1	"In truth, this has never been a fiscal crisis at its root; it has always been a balance of payments crisis that manifests itself in part in budget problems, which have then been pushed onto the center of the stage by ideology."1	"— whom the centrists know, just know, have to exist."1	"No, the Fed isn't imposing a price ceiling on interest rates, he says; in fact, the zero lower bound is acting like a price floor."1	"On the contrary, what balance-sheet models tell us is that left to itself, the process of deleveraging produces huge, unnecessary costs: debtors are forced to cut back, but creditors have no comparable incentive to spend more, so there is a persistent shortfall of demand that leads to great pain and waste."1	(It has actually plunged.)1	"You can, it turns out, tax the rich, regulate the banks, and expand health insurance coverage without punishment by the invisible hand."1	"Furthermore, think about it — suppose that you believe that the Fed's actions were staving off what would otherwise have been a fiscal crisis."1	"So don't give me your gut feelings; give me a coherent story about who does what, i.e."1	"Hey, this is just a prize given by a bunch of Swedes, as opposed to the other prizes, which are given out by, um, bunches of Swedes."1	"Instead, however, Feldstein suggests — with not a shred of evidence — that central banks are operating under ulterior motives, notably a desire to help finance budget deficits."1	What's wrong with this picture?1	"You can make arguments that suggest bigger gains, but they're highly speculative, and the credulity with which people accept dubious nonstandard arguments for big trade gains contrasts oddly with the gimlet eye cast on arguments for, say, industrial policy."1	But I immediately ran up against a big real-world counterexample: Japan.1	But what if inflation can't or won't be delivered?1	I guess I hope that these things are outliers.1	So how did MIT establish this unique position in academic economics applied to policy?1	Or maybe it is.1	So who are the people who feel a deep affinity with a crotchety crank?1	And the divide seems to depend on one thing: whether the economist in question is currently in a policy position.1	"In fact, one reason trade fluctuates so much in the short run is precisely because it's dominated by manufactured goods."1	"The attached figure shows what was supposed to happen to Greek GDP according to the original 2010 request for a stand-by arrangement — that is, the original austerity-and-internal-devaluation plan — compared with what actually happened."1	"Which brings me to my last point: Why, exactly, should the Obama administration spend any political capital – alienating labor, disillusioning progressive activists – over such a deal?"1	"And with inflation consistently below the generally accepted 2 percent target, this model says that the actual interest rate, at zero, is above the natural rate, not below."1	"Yet last week, offstage, there was in effect a real debate about economic policy between Donald Trump and Mitt Romney, who is trying to block his nomination."1	"For that matter, does Greece even stand out as having done worse than you would expect given the incredibly harsh fiscal adjustment?"1	But why is business investment weak?1	"Similarly, after a change in desired savings or investment something happens to make the accounting identity hold."1	This is related to the question of the extent to which QE2 has kept interest rates low.1	"Look at Australia, which is a much more consistent large-deficit country than we are: So what are the advantages of owning a reserve currency?"1	"So here's what happens after a large negative shock to the economy: the central bank finds itself up against the zero lower bound, so that all it can do is resort to controversial unorthodox measures."1	Are there really policies that can reverse the rise in inequality?1	The chances for persuading Congress to agree to a large temporary fiscal stimulus seemed much better.1	"China, however, did not let the renminbi float, nor did it devalue by enough to persuade investors that any future move was likely to be up."1	"Again, suppose that I set my prices once a year, and there's an overall inflation rate of 10 percent."1	But the truly amazing thing is the conspiracy theorizing.1	Do we need better macroeconomics?1	"The answer, pretty obviously, is that if you were to say “Ron Paul has been predicting runaway inflation ever since the Fed began its expansionary policies”, that would make it clear that he has been completely wrong."1	"I mention this not to claim membership of an exclusive club, but by way of noting that most of this group shares fairly similar views about how policy works."1	"They certainly were worried about systemic risk in 1982, when I had something of a front-row seat."1	"One thing I discovered along the way is that nobody much likes any of the existing measures of inflation expectations, as this New York Fed post by Mandel and Barnes explains."1	Could she get them through Congress?1	But it would be a big mistake to count on monetary policy alone.1	"I mean, what is the un-artificial, or if you prefer, “natural” rate of interest?"1	Isn't “printing money” supposed to be dangerously inflationary?1	"And one last point: I just don't think the inner circle gets how much danger we're in from another vicious circle, one that's real, not hypothetical."1	"Look, for example, at the Japan-US real exchange rate, defined as yen per dollar * US CPI / Japan CPI: The nominal rate and the real rate have swung wildly, and always in tandem, which makes perfect sense if you think of the exchange rate as an asset price and goods prices as sticky, but is very hard to justify in a neoclassical model."1	And BO himself has conceded that he might have to penalize people who don't buy insurance until they need care.1	But I'm pretty sure that's nothing like the whole story.1	"Interesting question, but not one we need to answer if we're just trying to assess the impact of Abenomics, where what matters is the change in inflation expectations on Abe's watch."1	Relations between Greece and its creditors are not improving.1	"Serious economic analysis has never supported the Panglossian view of trade as win-win for everyone that is popular in elite circles: growing trade can indeed hurt many people, and for the past few decades globalization has probably been, on net, a depressing force for the majority of U.S. workers."1	And in such circumstances a rise in the monetary base does not lead to inflation.1	"When I quote someone in my column, I supply the source material, and my copy editor checks, not just to be sure that the quote is accurate, but that it's not taken out of context."1	“There is no confident basis for tightening.1	"The first wave of trade liberalization involved industrial countries, and was largely over by 1980: The second wave involved the great opening of developing countries: This is still going on, but the major opening of Latin America, China, and India is already well behind us."1	Why not?1	But being an inflation hawk means never having to say you're sorry.1	"Since then, of course, Pimco has continued to be a huge success; Bill Gross is without doubt a great investor."1	"Might we suggest that the answer here is, don't be embarrassed?"1	"Anyway, Mussa was a fine economist, and will be missed,"1	"So let's talk about trade — specifically, a recent post by Gavyn Davies, “Why world trade growth has lost its mojo,” which expresses deep concern over the fact that in recent years trade hasn't grown much faster than global GDP."1	"So let's think of a maximalist case, in which Greece stopped running a primary surplus at all (this is not a proposal)."1	"Japan has effectively been at the zero lower bound since the 1990s, and it wasn't until the end of 2008 that the rest of the advanced world joined it there."1	"Uh-oh: it's starting to look a bit like the Friedman two-step, only this time done at internet speed."1	"In my original home field, international trade, we used to joke that senior hires were difficult because there were only four people in the top ten."1	"And what such analysis suggests is that the right solution to this problem, if you can get it, is higher inflation expectations."1	It seems that I was giving Rand Paul more credit than he deserved.1	"Let me also say that if you were going to look for economists who blindly repeat doctrine, without the intelligence or courage to challenge conventional wisdom, neither Janet Yellen nor Larry Summers would be top picks."1	So let me take some time to do a calculation that I should have done a while ago.1	"Unfortunately, that happens to be the world we're currently living in."1	"Oh, my."1	"What all this means, as I said, is that the Democratic nominee won't have to engage in saber-rattling over trade. "1	"Fourth, there's the claim that we're at full employment, or maybe always at full employment, that demand-side economics is wrong, so any government use of resources must divert them from other uses."1	Draw the supply and demand for funds that would obtain if we were at full employment.1	"And some of the anti-Keynesians seem to be in the process of acknowledging, at least in a grudging way, that they got it wrong."1	"But I think it helps clear things up to put all of that aside for a bit and focus on the aspect of the situation that isn't a matter of definitions: Greece's primary surplus, the difference between what it takes in via taxes and what it spends on things other than interest."1	"These days, media balance often seems to involve retroactively rewriting history to avoid telling readers that one side of a policy debate got things completely wrong."1	"Some of us encountered a closely related question back in the late 90s, when thinking about the Asian financial crisis."1	"[Update: IS-LM stands for investment-savings, liquidity-money — which will make a lot of sense if you keep reading]  So, the first thing you need to know is that there are multiple correct ways of explaining IS-LM."1	"So it's probably worth repeating that while very low rates may seem strange, they also seem fully justified by the economic situation."1	"It's yet another illustration of one of the remarkable revelations of recent years, the incredibly sensitive feelings of the superrich, who are so hurt at any suggestion that great wealth does not also go with great wisdom and great virtue that they threaten to take the economy with them and go home."1	But that was then.1	Here's the inverse of the Fed funds rate versus housing starts during the period when major moves in monetary policy were mainly driven by concerns about inflation (as opposed to bursting bubbles): Looks like a relationship to me.1	For the fact is that the whole field has taken a hard right turn into fantasyland.1	"But, you know, protectionism was the only reason he gave for believing that Trump would cause a recession, which I think is kind of telling: the GOP's supposedly well-informed, responsible adult, trying to save the party, can't get basic economics right at the one place where economics is central to his argument."1	"My answer is, apply Cromwell's rule: I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, think it possible that you may be mistaken."1	The standard measure tries to do this by excluding the obviously non-inertial prices: food and energy.1	"Also, as long as we were in a liquidity trap, large increases in the monetary base would — as in the case of Japan — matter not at all for inflation or nominal GDP."1	And one more thing: where is the wild exuberance that we associate with dangerous bubbles?1	"Now, that net export number is a bit funny: there was a huge drop in imports, which probably came largely from a rundown in inventories, and isn't sustainable."1	"Unfortunately, both men are talking nonsense. Are you surprised?"1	"Yes, I know there was a midterm election; thoughts in tomorrow's paper."1	"There is, of course, an offset in the form of an increased incentive to create knowledge, which is why we have patents and copyright in the first place."1	It's interest on reserves!1	"Oh, and just to go back for a moment to my point about debt not being all the same: yes, inflation erodes the assets of the Janets at the same time, and by the same amount, as it erodes the debt of the Sams."1	In order to deal with the problem of reverse causation – weak investment can cause weak growth as well as vice versa – the IMF adopts an “instrumental variables” approach.1	"Sorry, but that's totally wrong."1	"What pushes it over the top is the weakening of GDP, which increases the ratio."1	"If they decide to pull back, what they're basically doing is selling dollars and buying other currencies — and that's actually an expansionary policy for the United States, just as selling shekels and buying other currencies was an expansionary policy for Israel (it doesn't matter who does it!)."1	"As it happens, the role of capital flows in the logic of liquidity traps is an issue I tackled right at the beginning, back in 1998; and I've been trying to work out how it plays into the discussion of secular stagnation, which is basically the claim that countries can face very persistent, quasi-permanent liquidity traps."1	And how.1	"Update: Not incidentally, Texas had a nasty special recession in the late 1980s, even as unemployment was falling nationally, partly driven by falling oil prices, but also driven by the collapse of the S&L bubble."1	You can adjust this as you like with whatever your estimate of the difference between the 1-2010 rate and the equilibrium rate is; it will just shift the line up or down.1	"The cleanup from that crisis cost taxpayers about $125 billion (pdf), back when that was real money."1	"Fair enough — but what fitness devices do, at least for me, is make it harder to lie to myself."1	"In case you haven't noticed, this is a completely circular argument."1	"And going back, remember that Reagan, not Carter, imposed import quotas on Japanese cars."1	How big was the intervention?1	This seems to suggest that the end of convertibility delivered a terrible blow to the economy.1	"In the Bond movies, two zeroes meant a license to kill."1	"Second, they use a statistical method to identify fiscal expansions — trying to identify large changes in the structural balance."1	"OK, they weren't writing specifically about Greece — Friedman was writing in 1950, Fisher in 1933."1	"This works because a number of countries had major military buildups during the 1930s — fiscal expansions that can be regarded as exogenous to the economic situation, since they were driven above all by Hitlerí's rearmament programmes and other nations'í efforts to match the Nazis in this sphere, and by one-off events like Italyí's war in Abyssinia."1	Most of what's required are fairly straightforward translations of existing concepts.1	But here's the mystery: evidently Moore has had a successful career.1	I think Yglesias has this right: Commodity-backed money is basically a solution to a non-problem.1	"In reality, this doesn't happen."1	"Suppose that a greatly devalued new drachma brings a flood of British beer-drinkers to the Ionian Sea, and Greece starts to recover."1	And it's really sad.1	"David now informs me that he has a set of publicly available class notes (pdf) that have been regularly updated, covering that ground even better — with an extensive section on the liquidity trap."1	But it's not a problem we can address by lashing out at foreigners we falsely imagine are winning at our expense.1	But the story so far has been a remarkable illustration of how little many professional political pundits seem to understand.1	"What Romer is telling us, based on his discussion of growth models, is that this kind of thing is pervasive in that school."1	Doesn't this mean that it wasn't overheated either time?1	So this is a utility post.1	What really gets me is this chart: “Losing competitiveness”???1	"As I said, you can, if you like, try to argue that this relationship is spurious, maybe not causal."1	Partly this involved playing up the supposed damage low rates do to financial stability.1	"No, I didn't)."1	"And that's not the whole story: because temporarily fixed prices are only revised at intervals, their resets often involve catchup."1	"So you might think that you can't have a liquidity trap in just one country, as long as capital is mobile."1	"On the contrary, they're guys who can't even cook numbers without screwing up, who have spent years telling us to get ready for soaring interest and inflation rates."1	"Unemployment is currently about 7 percent, and heading much higher; Obama himself says that absent stimulus it could go into double digits."1	Some prices in the economy fluctuate all the time in the face of supply and demand; food and fuel are the obvious examples.1	"They fear that the whole thing could evaporate if long-term rates start to rise, imposing capital losses on the people doing the carry trade; this could, they believe, drive rates way up, even though this possibility doesn't seem to be priced in by the market."1	"My point is that you do a disservice to the debate by calling all of these things Ricardian equivalence; and the nature of that disservice is that you end up making the really, really bad arguments sound more respectable than they are."1	"In this sense fiat money is like, oh, Social Security."1	Every dollar of increased government spending must correspond to one less dollar of private spending.1	"As I said, this was a very good article about China; the debt line was probably inserted because it's considered obligatory to say this in any article about US-China relations."1	"This is, I'd say, a confusion between short-term and long-term issues."1	"We even had solid recent empirical evidence: Japan's attempt at quantitative easing in the naughties, which looked like this: I'm still not sure why relatively moderate conservatives like Feldstein didn't find all this convincing back in 2009."1	"Basically, it's just not possible."1	"For me, the case for a sticky-price, Keynes-Friedman view of the world rests crucially on some of the correlations one sees in the real world — between real and nominal exchange rates, for example."1	"This isn't as prosaic as it sounds, because we were both in Hong Kong."1	"And although Wren-Lewis bends over backwards to avoid saying it too bluntly, most – not all, but most – of the problem comes from the right."1	But in my experience people who declare confidently that “economists don't understand X” usually turn out to be wrong both about X and about what economists understand.1	"Quite a lot of that book was concerned with inflation and disinflation, using an adaptive-expectations Phillips curve — that is, an assumed relationship in which the current inflation rate depends on the unemployment rate and on lagged inflation."1	"And no, everyone doesn't do it."1	But back to the broader issue of how to help workers pressured by the global economy.1	"Well, suppose a third character can come in: Government Gus."1	"“It's a silent one, and they're winning,” he said."1	They evaluate past stimulus programs by whether people who got stimulus money spent it on consumption goods rather save it.1	"Fiscal stimulus advocates want money spent on consumption, not saved."1	"Think Progress has the video, and it's clear that Paul was completely shocked at the notion that government employment had fallen under Obama, rather than soaring."1	"What I remember, then, was that the spirit of MIT economics in the 1970s was very much not one of intellectual imperialism."1	"Now, you might think that 3 percent of GDP is not that big a deal (although try finding $500 billion a year of spending cuts in the United States!)"1	"In the discussion of Richard Koo, I'm seeing a number of people asserting (a) debt can't be the solution to debt (b) inflation can't possibly be helpful."1	The Fed should not be fighting against inflation until it sees the whites of its eyes.” And I mean exactly: Don't tighten until you see the whites of inflation's eyes — and at this point there is absolutely zero sign that inflation is nigh.1	"What's going on in Greece represents a whole additional level of hurt, which nobody saw coming."1	"I'm starting to see another curious myth popping up in comments — namely, that I claimed that Japan's policy of quantitative easing, which consisted simply of stuffing more reserves into the banks, would work."1	And this is a good modern example.1	"Anyway, back to the original point: it's depressing to realize that two years into liquidity trap economics, the WSJ still doesn't seem to understand the basic point of why the zero bound is a problem."1	"But if you think about it for even a minute, that claim is truly bizarre."1	"It says that all the complaints that the Fed is artificially keeping rates low are nonsense; rates are low because that's what the real economy wants, and the Fed's only alternative would be to create a depression."1	"And creditor-country officials are acting as if they still expect that to happen, just as it has repeatedly over the past five years."1	"I haven't specified the underlying macroeconomic model, but it seems safe to say that we'd be looking at a depressed real economy and deflationary pressures."1	"So far, the Tax Policy Center has only done full analyses of the Jeb!"1	"As shown above, the interest rate the Fed would like to have is negative."1	"One answer, I'd suggest, was his friendship and collaboration with Rudi Dornbusch, who was leading international macroeconomics in a direction very different from where Lucas and later Prescott were taking the domestic side of the field."1	"As the report says, Britain demonstrated a fairly awesome commitment to austerity: To achieve its objectives the U.K. government implemented a policy mix of severe fiscal austerity and tight monetary policy."1	"But even given what we knew a quarter-century ago, the problems with the euro were obvious."1	"The second is that in the United States, fiscal policy was never forceful enough to provide a useful natural experiment."1	Two small complaints.1	"But Montier seems to have forgotten about housing, which is actually a fairly common problem among certain kinds of econocritics."1	No proposals were specified that would generate that path.1	"The red line (left scale) is nonresidential fixed investment spending – basically, business investment — as a percentage of GDP, from the BEA."1	71	"In international macro we talk a lot about real exchange rates, which are price-level adjusted rates."1	"Yes, average annual GDP in 2002 was much lower than average annual GDP in 2001 — but this mainly reflected the plunge during 2001, before the devaluation."1	"Monetary policy is constrained by the zero lower bound, so that we're below full employment: What determines the exchange rate?"1	And there's a lesson here that goes beyond this election. 1	David Beckworth pleads with fellow free-marketeers to stop claiming that low interest rates are “artificial” and comparing them to price controls.1	"So here's the underlying puzzle: since Friedman and Phelps laid out the natural rate hypothesis in the 60s, applied macroeconomics has relied on some kind of inflation-adjusted Phillips curve, along the lines of Actual inflation = A + B * (output gap) + Expected inflation where the output gap is the difference between actual and potential output, and A and B are estimated parameters."1	"Romney talks nonsense economics, and condemns as terrible the very policies he himself called for not long ago."1	"A government that does too little can be just as irresponsible as a government that does too much — because, for example, in the absence of sound oversight, responsible businesses are forced to compete against unscrupulous and underhanded businesses, who are unencumbered by any restrictions on activities that might harm the environment, or take advantage of middle-class families, or threaten to bring down the entire financial system."1	Oh dear.1	The crisis we're in is not something unprecedented.1	"As a member of the European Union, Denmark is subject to the same global trade agreements as we are — and while it doesn't have a free-trade agreement with Mexico, there are plenty of low-wage workers in eastern and southern Europe. "1	"But, asks Evans-Pritchard, what if the central bank simply gives households money?"1	"The key thing about these less flexible prices — the insight that got Ned Phelps his Nobel — is that because they aren't revised very often, they're set with future inflation in mind."1	One view says that the interest rate is determined by the supply of and demand for savings – the “loanable funds” approach.1	"Something like that was probably inevitable in a campaign whose premise is that everything is rigged by the oligarchy, but it interacts with the vague perception, the product of all those years of right-wing smearing, that there's a lot of Clinton dirt."1	The path rises steadily from about 15 percent of GDP in 2010 to 19 percent in 2028 and remains at that level thereafter.1	"Well, remember that at this point cash and short-term bonds are equivalent."1	"Well, I'm pretty sure I know the answer."1	"There is, of course, a much more prosaic alternative: businesses aren't investing because they have lots of excess capacity."1	"What that's telling us, I think, is what the people he talked to as Fed chair complained about most: not the failure to hit the inflation target, not the persistence of high unemployment, but disappointing returns for rentiers."1	"Here's a graph I've shown before: It shows wages in domestic currency for three crisis economies, Ireland, Latvia, and Iceland; it also shows Icelandic wages converted into euros at the market exchange rate."1	"So why didn't capital flood out of Japan in search of higher returns, driving the yen down and boosting Japan out of its trap?"1	That temporarily left the Union cavalry in front facing a counterattack from a much larger force of Confederate infantry.1	"(Thomas Piketty has made a huge and well-deserved splash, but so far only on one issue.)"1	"Taylor writes, Notice that none of the BIS concerns are about the risk of a rise in inflation–which it does not think of as a substantial risk."1	Almost 15 years have passed since I warned about media “balance” that involved systematically abdicating the journalistic duty of informing readers about simple matters of fact.1	"It's George Orwell's world, and we're just living in it."1	The answer is a fall in interest rates.1	But how do you get reputation?1	What follows are my views only.1	"As I said, it's all very sad."1	"But that's exactly what anyone who thought through the implications of the liquidity trap — which, you know, some us did long before the 2008 crisis — expected to happen."1	"Here's the basic point: Greece has, through incredible sacrifice, managed to achieve a primary budget surplus — a surplus excluding interest payments — despite a depression-level slump."1	"Anyway, what we need here isn't a priori arguments or discussions of intellectual history, except insofar as they inform the question at hand: is there any reasonable case that interest rates are being kept “artificially” low given the macroeconomic realities?"1	The ultimate demonstration of solidarity to the “international community” would be to do what the international community wants even in the face of massive resistance from your domestic political constituency.1	So higher GDP will mean that the interest rate needed to match supply and demand for money must rise.1	"While I'm doing charts, the people at CFR have updated the borrowing picture: Government borrowing, while huge, has not quite offset a huge plunge in private borrowing."1	"Well, the Millennial Edition of Historical Statistics of the United States (subscription required) has some data."1	"But when you have bought so much debt and created so much money that rates are near zero, the public is saturated with liquidity; from that point on, they're holding money simply as a store of value, which makes it no different from bonds — and hence a perfect substitute for bonds."1	"Update: And, back above ground."1	That's the title of a new paper I've written with Gauti Eggertsson of the New York Fed.1	Two ugly zeroes.1	"I don't mean that he's a slick dissembler; I mean that he seems more or less unable to publish an article without filling it with howlers — true, all erring in the direction he wants — in a way that ends up doing his cause a disservice."1	"So the causation could run the other way, with deregulation and rising leverage pulling in foreign capital, keeping the dollar overvalued, and producing persistent deficits."1	"According to Subramanian's estimates, overall trade in goods and services has risen from about 19 percent of world GDP in the early 1990s to 33 percent now, bringing us to a level of integration that really is historically unprecedented."1	"And to enlarge on a point I made yesterday, what, exactly, is the purpose of imposing harsh fiscal austerity as this process unfolds?"1	"If you've ever tried to walk around Singapore, you know whereof he speaks."1	"What we get are 33 countries for 4 years, 132 observations."1	(Why logarithmic?1	"It's important to note, by the way, that this is not just ordinary leakage via the import content of spending; it works via financial markets and the dollar, and happens even if the direct leakage through imports is fairly small."1	"And there's another way to look at it: when governments introduce austerity measures, they are trying to reduce their net borrowing – in effect, they are raising their savings rate."1	I argued about a month ago that it depends on the extent to which the shock is perceived as temporary versus permanent.1	"It has been calling for higher interest rates for around 5 years, and at first it was indeed warning about inflation."1	The latest fad — illustrated by this piece in today's WSJ — is that expansionary monetary policy is a giveaway to banks and plutocrats generally.1	"How many times have you seen the Kindleberger “spiderweb” chart showing declining world trade in the early years of the Great Depression, which is then invoked as showing the evils of protectionism (slide 2)?"1	Here's a snip from Friedman's 1953 essay “The case for flexible exchange rates”: Is it really possible that people at the University of Chicago have unlearned not only Keynes but Friedman?1	"Specifically, it is that the effects of household deleveraging and fiscal consolidation have produced slow growth, which has reduced the incentive to add capacity – the “accelerator” effect – leading to low investment that further reduces growth."1	"Update: For reference, here they are (pdf files): As of yesterday."1	"These capital flows fueled a peripheral boom, and sharply rising wages and prices in the GIPSI countries relative to Germany: Then the music stopped."1	"A revival of growth in 2014 is therefore no surprise — and it actually supports the Keynesian story, rather than refuting it."1	"Wolfgang Munchau declares that the euro was a mistake, and pinpoints a key illusion."1	"But never mind: unanticipated, nonlinear events can happen So it's these “unanticipated, nonlinear events” that are “more certain” than the direct effects of fiscal policy?"1	"So yes, the creditors have a large club they can use on a recalcitrant Greece."1	"Yes: Almunia et al, which uses data from the 30s — a zero-rate era — and uses defense spending as an instrument to identify spending changes."1	(Any pointers to UK-specific work along the same lines would be welcome.)1	"Of course, it is."1	"Monetary policy attracts crazy people like moths to a flame; goldbugs, 100-percent-reserve-banking types, amateur historians who think they know exactly what happened when Diocletian ruled Rome but have no idea what happened in Japan in the last decade."1	So Ryan and Taylor were accusing the Bernanke Fed of deliberately betraying its mandate in order to help out Obama by monetizing deficits — or at least doing everything they could to convey that message to readers.1	Lots of people have been having fun with the latest Max Abelson piece on whiny Wall Streeters.1	"Are those who bought into the death spiral stories, who seized on every hint of bad news, asking themselves how they got it so wrong?"1	But you may differ.1	"I think it's useful to ask why, as a practical matter, conventional policy-oriented macroeconomists (myself included) used to think we could normally count on a fairly quick return to full employment after a shock — and why we shouldn't think so anymore."1	"And while cyclical adjustment can be controversial, there are standard estimates from third parties like the IMF and the OECD."1	"Even so, however, much of the supposed deficit reduction comes not from Medicare but from further cuts in discretionary spending relative to GDP, with the number eventually falling to 3.5 percent of GDP (see Table 2 in the CBO report)."1	"But it's also important to realize the extent to which this is tax-cutting on the rich, by the rich, for the rich."1	"This surplus — which is a flow, not a stock — represents the amount Greece is actually paying, in the form of real resources, to its creditors, as opposed to borrowing funds to pay interest."1	"Trying to explain what you're doing intuitively isn't just for the proles; it's an important way to check on yourself, to be sure that your story is at least halfway plausible."1	"I don't see popular TV shows about house-flipping, and CNBC viewership is plumbing new lows."1	"I still want to spend at least some time explaining that theory to my undergrads, so I've been looking for a simple, intuitive explanation by an RBC theorist of what's going on."1	"The other R&R — Christina and David Romer — have an interesting new paper questioning the other Reinhart-Rogoff result, the claim that financial crises consistently lead to deep, sustained slumps."1	"Oh, and just to go back for a moment to my point about debt not being all the same: yes, inflation erodes the assets of the Janets at the same time, and by the same amount, as it erodes the debt of the Sams."1	So a sufficiently large depreciation could restore full employment.1	"Second, more or less Keynesian macroeconomics — the macroeconomics of short-run fluctuations driven by aggregate demand — has worked very well in this long slump."1	"I'm scrambling on last-minute course prep, so not much blogging today."1	But plain language and simple intuition are important to keep you grounded.1	"My take is that someone like Beckworth is trying to take the monetarist, Milton Friedman position, which is basically one of trusting markets to get it right except when it comes to the business cycle, where it becomes necessary to have expansionary monetary policies in slumps."1	"This leads to the odd dynamic: comparative advantage says “yay free trade”, but also suggests that once trade is already fairly open, the gains from opening it further are small."1	"In fact, the notion that rates are low just because the Fed is buying up debt is wrong on at least three levels."1	"Never mind that he is clearly eager to wage as many wars as possible, that he has long since abandoned his once-realistic positions on climate change and immigration, that he tried to put Sarah Palin a heartbeat from the presidency."1	"And that, I guess, explains why we're hearing the opposite."1	"The country, in short, was fascinating, lovable, and still very poor."1	"Now, who would be the conservative counterparts?"1	"As an adult, unfortunately, I found it more or less unwatchable — the prettification of war just won't wash for me now."1	"Partly it's because Europe is still operating on the false theory that this is essentially a fiscal issue; partly it's to assuage the Germans, who remain convinced that those lazy Southern Europeans are getting away with something."1	So how do we score this debate?1	"By the way, for those critical of globalization, let me hasten to concede that by its nature the Eaton-Kortum model doesn't let us talk about income distribution, and it also makes no room for the possible role of globalization in causing secular stagnation."1	"Here's a chart of government employment back to 1999: Now, the people writing these eek-government-employment-is-soaring pieces have to have known about that; and they certainly have to know now that the Census bulge is gone, and government employment is actually down."1	"I was in DC yesterday, giving a talk to the National Association of Business Economists."1	"There's little question that the huge shortfall reflects the adverse effects of austerity, which the IMF admits it greatly understated."1	"To explain a rising long-term ratio of trade to GDP, we have to turn instead to structural changes in the world economy, of which the most obvious involve declining costs of trade."1	"Under these circumstances, expansionary Fed policy isn't some kind of giveway to the banks, it's just an effort to give the economy what it needs."1	"He argues that the field of economics has changed, with greater emphasis on market failures, and there's arguably something to that."1	"As he says, the notion of leveraging up funds from the remaining AAA Europeans amounts to creating either a super-AIG or a super-CDO — basically trading off the AAA rating of those countries to make private investors feel safe."1	"A reminder, then, of the lack of wisdom with which the world is governed."1	But this did mean that no amount of depreciation would be expansionary?1	"That's only business-bashing if you believe that there's no such thing as businesses who cut costs by ignoring the environmental impact of their activities, or take risks that end up endangering the financial system."1	"Bad choices in education are the norm where choice is free; voluntary, self-invested retirement savings are a disaster."1	"This, of course, shows what fools we are: everyone on the other side of these debates knows that you respond to mistakes by never acknowledging them, and doubling down on whatever you originally claimed."1	His solution is “countervailing duties” — basically tariffs — similar to those we routinely impose when foreign countries are found to be subsidizing exports in violation of trade agreements.1	"Well, at the Keynes conference this morning Mike Woodford gave an overview of policy options when you're up against the zero lower bound that in some ways expressed better than I've managed to what I was thinking at the time."1	"But what this must reflect is what people are hearing on the financial news; I'm pretty sure that a lot of people think that all the experts regard interest rates as “artificially low”, and have no idea that to the extent that such a notion makes any sense at all — which is to say in terms of the Wicksellian natural rate — interest rates are too high, not too low."1	Don't get me wrong: I like mathematical modeling.1	"But maybe he's thinking of the fact that since govt employment rose under Bush, we're still at higher absolute levels than we were a decade ago."1	"More disturbing, at this point Taylor seems intent on selling his rule as the Veg-O-Matic of economic policies."1	"Mussa pointed out that the behavior of both nominal and real exchange rates changed dramatically when the exchange rate regime changed, becoming vastly more volatile with the end of Bretton Woods."1	"The sad thing, of course, is that this incredibly successful analysis didn't have much favorable impact on actual policy."1	Is there anybody out there?1	But why does this pass for judicious policy discussion?1	"But as both Daniel Davies and James Galbraith point out — with very different de facto value judgments, but never mind for now — at this point Greek debt, measured as a stock, is not a very meaningful number."1	"We joked to him that the Russians might be bugging us; he responded, “I don't care what the Russians find out, it's the press I'm worried about!” Another: his remark about the state of foreign exchange reserves — “When I have six months' reserves, I will have no reserves” — was a key inspiration for my early work on currency crises."1	Only hacks need apply.1	"What you're left with, basically, is seigniorage: the fact that some people outside your country hold your currency, which means that in effect America gets a zero-interest loan corresponding to the stash of dollar bills — or, mainly $100 bills — held in the hoards of tax evaders, drug dealers, and other friends around the world."1	"“Charlatans and cranks” was a phrase Greg Mankiw used in the first edition — but only the first edition — of his textbook to describe some of the economic advisers to Ronald Reagan, who told him that broad-based income tax cuts would have such large supply-side effects that the tax cuts would raise tax revenue."1	"So to put it bluntly, I'm not much persuaded by a paper that doesn't even identify the one clear example we have in the postwar period of large Keynesian stimulus in a zero-rate environment."1	Math is good.1	But protectionism isn't the only way to fight that downward pressure. 1	"We do not want to lose sight of the fact that many influential people, including economists with impressive CVs, responded to macroeconomic crisis with crude logical fallacies that reflected not just sloppy thinking but ignorance of history."1	"But Dean is right to say that trade deficits are an important part of the story — and this is, by the way, something I've been saying for quite a while."1	It's very hard to tell a story about why it should move the way it does without invoking some kind of price stickiness.1	"Instead, what happened was that persistent deflation in Japan, combined with the zero lower bound, kept the actual real interest rate well above the Wicksellian rate."1	"Laubach and Williams find that the natural rate has plunged in recent years, and is now very, very low."1	"Because we are at minimum talking about *two* variables, not one – GDP as well as the interest rate."1	What Irwin points out is that the price of just about every asset category is now high by historical standards.1	And from there they just kept digging ever deeper into the rabbit hole.1	"Meanwhile, the public sector is sustaining demand with deficit spending, financed by long-term debt."1	Doesn't a trade war reduce employment in export industries?1	"And sure enough, in my inbox this morning I see a piece more or less deploring the early signs of success for Abenomics: Abenomics is working — but it had better not work too well."1	"There has been a tendency, on the part of other economists, to try to provide cover — to claim that Fama and Cochrane said something more sophisticated than they did."1	"They look like this: In effect, we have an incipient excess supply of savings even at a zero interest rate."1	21	And policy was shaped in part by the desire to make sure that didn't happen.1	"I'm actually mad at myself here: I had meant to put up a post questioning that conventional wisdom, but never got around to it, and now you only have my word that what I'm about to say isn't just hindsight, but a prediction."1	And I think it's interesting — and maybe even important — to talk a bit about what happened in the decade or so that followed.1	"Good news in today's jobs report, and the dollar shot higher."1	"Mainly that's because the Very Serious People are too serious to play around with little models; they prefer to rely on their sense of what markets demand, which they continue to consider infallible despite having been wrong about everything."1	This is not reporting; just a personal reaction.1	But I hope that will be considered unacceptable.1	"Now, there are real problems with large-scale government borrowing — mainly, the effect on the government debt burden."1	Same as it ever was.1	Romer described his approach as a way to teach macro — real men were supposed to use fully specified intertemporal optimizing models with a cherry on top — but I think it's actually the way most practical macro people actually thought and to some extent still think.1	"That is, they're treated as a good reason to accept a protracted period of high unemployment as somehow natural, and to reject artificial stimulus that might alleviate the pain."1	"Others, for what looks like political reasons, seemed determined to come up with some reason, any reason, to be against expansionary monetary and fiscal policy."1	"I've seen nothing suggesting that fiscal policy has lost traction, and have no idea why Taylor thinks that."1	"Actually, it's good news for Europe."1	"So loanable funds doesn't determine the interest rate; all it does is define a relationship between interest rates and income, the IS curve of the IS-LM model: What determines where we end up on that curve?"1	Is this true?1	"Just the other day the Very Serious Europeans were hailing Spain as a great success story, a vindication of the whole program."1	"Bond prices in “safe” countries are very high, which is the same thing as saying that interest rates are very low."1	It's all pretty depressing.1	Then the comparison is between the expected awfulness to come if the GOP chooses Trump versus choosing non-Trump.1	"So now that it has all gone wrong, they throw up their hands and say that it's a mystery — how could this happen?"1	A few examples.1	"The worrying thing is that, as I've suggested, crude misunderstandings along these lines are widespread even among people who imagine themselves well-informed and sophisticated."1	Next step: look at the abnormal times we currently live in.1	And some of that could be replicated via lower administrative costs and the generally lower prices Medicare pays.1	"(By the way, the number for the euro area as a whole is 26 percent for the indicated period; for the US it's 20 percent.)"1	So the normal way the economy would cope with the balance sheet problems of the Sams is through a period of low rates.1	"If not, they are operating under a dangerous misconception."1	"There's a downward-sloping demand for money – the higher the interest rate, the more people will skimp on liquidity in favor of higher returns."1	And IS-LM makes some predictions about what happens in the liquidity trap.1	"As an aside, whenever I hear people explaining away the failure of interest rates to spike as the result of those evil central bankers artificially keeping them down, I want to ask how they think that's possible."1	So what's the problem?1	"But Portugal can't do those things on its own, because it no longer has its own currency."1	"This is the “loanable funds” model of the interest rate, which is in every textbook, mine included."1	I call this a huge success story – one of the best examples in the history of economics of getting things right in an unprecedented environment.1	"Now, if you want an (what?"1	What do I mean by that?1	"Actually, yes – the evidence is overwhelming."1	"There's a long tradition in macroeconomics, going back to Franco Modigliani in 1944, in which money has real effects precisely because it pushes against sticky nominal wages."1	"And this means that Ryan wants to turn the clock back two centuries, not one."1	"And once again we see how a highly dubious economic idea can become part of what Everyone knows and Nobody disagrees with, even if in this case Nobody includes a fellow by the name of Ben Bernanke, who gave a speech on this very topic just a few weeks ago."1	Who could have predicted that interest rates would stay low despite large budget deficits?1	Update update: It's worth noting that both the original and purged versions also assume that we're on the wrong side of the Laffer curve.1	"And it seems to me that there is an important theme here: it's the supply side, stupid."1	It solves the problem of the zero lower bound!1	There's a body of work I'm surprised we haven't been hearing more about: the downward nominal wage rigidity literature.1	"I'm not sure whether anyone but me cares about the Romney-Trump spat over trade policy; it's much more interesting, for normal human beings anyway, to talk about the size of Trump's, er, hands."1	Why?1	"Then, finally, it was a go — and it was a totally explosive set, which left the band winded and disheveled, and had the audience roaring with enthusiasm."1	"The original Wicksellian concept of the natural rate of interest defined that rate as the rate consistent with stable prices, with an economy that was neither too hot nor too cold."1	"Faced with a shock to nominal demand, producers couldn't tell how much was just a money fluctuation and how much a real change in demand for their particular product, to which they should respond by changing output."1	"And reading Fourcade et al, it occurs to me that the way everything outside macro works may explain one of the things that has puzzled me in the disputes over macro policy — namely, the seemingly unquenchable certainty among some of the freshwater guys that Keynesians are stupid."1	I'd say Stephen Moore and Arthur Laffer.1	So why do some parties want this deal so much?1	"I've written quite a lot about the way much of the macroeconomics community has descended into a Dark Age, forgetting the things they used to know."1	Hot money doesn't need ultra-low rates to be subject to enthusiasms and sudden losses of confidence.1	"I don't blame the editor, who after all isn't supposed to be an economist."1	Monetary policy.1	"I've mentioned David Romer's nice formulation of modern applied macro — the way people actually think, as opposed to the intertemporal maximization with whipped cream that's respectable."1	"His puzzlement, which I share, comes at several levels."1	"But this is a pet peeve of mine, in an area where I really, truly know what I'm talking about."1	"Because there weren't rival camps, the hierarchy of reputation was crystal clear and undisputed."1	"Bloomberg has a clever chart, showing just how many traders have never seen an economy not at the zero lower bound: This cries out, of course, for a callback to my favorite blog comment ever, on Kevin O'Rourke's What Do Markets Want?"1	"Because hey, it's not as if there has been a rise in saving and a fall in investment demand that might be causing low interest rates: Actually, the only “artificial” thing here is that rates haven't fallen further, thanks to the zero lower bound on short-term rates."1	"But wait, it gets better: at the time, Mr. Romney was saying almost exactly the same things Mr. Trump is saying now. "1	"That word “artificial” caught my eye, because it's the same word liquidationists used to denounce any efforts to fight the Great Depression with monetary policy."1	Now suppose that you want to get relative prices and wages back in line over the course of 5 years.1	"But although I hear the phrase “artificially low” all the time, I don't think many people who use it have thought through what they mean."1	It's impressive just how quickly and convincingly the wheels have been coming off the Russian economy.1	"And you even get numbers, like Pawlenty's assertion that 590,000 public sector jobs have been added."1	Here's the CBO explanation: The path for revenues as a percentage of GDP was specified by Chairman Ryan's staff.1	"As Noah Smith says, it was not always thus."1	"The result of all this is that the supposedly sober, serious people are actually radicals insisting that we can make the economy work in ways that it has never worked in the past — hence the embrace of magical thinking on expansionary austerity and the power of structural reform."1	"A lot of water has passed under the bridge since then, and I at least no longer feel the same sense of despair."1	And that's crucial.1	"The electricians kept coming on and off stage, while the band waited and waited — I don't know what the problem was."1	"Anyway, keep this and other such episodes in mind."1	"No, the real victims of expansionary monetary policies are the very people who the current mythology says are pushing these policies."1	"But the usual argument for free markets is that they lead to good results — not that they would lead to good results if people were more virtuous than they are, so we should rely on them despite the bad results they yield in practice."1	"And as of the summer, there were in fact substantially more government employees than there had been in early 2009."1	31	"His reasoning: The case for raising rates is straightforward: Like any commodity, the price of borrowing money — interest rates — should be determined by supply and demand, not by manipulation by a market behemoth."1	"So the spending program IS expansionary in this case, EVEN IF you have full Ricardian equivalence."1	"Instead, I see an attitude, looking for justification."1	During that time instead of everyone working harder because they're poorer and more indebted than they realized and need to raise their incomes what happens is that 10-20 percent of the population does nothing because they can't find jobs.1	"This is a very big problem, but it's not about generalized excess consumption."1	"Given all that, the fact that the private sector has added more than twice as many jobs under that job-killing Obama as it did under pre-crisis Bush is important, not because Obama did it, but because it shows that there is no hint that the important things he did do had any negative effect at all, let alone the terrible effects right-wingers predicted."1	Is this true?1	Why?1	"Don't throw up your hands and whine that you can't, and/or use demand-side problems to argue for other stuff that has no obvious relevance to the problem."1	"This theory — which is just basic micro — says that when some markets are distorted, for whatever reason, social costs and benefits across the economy don't correspond to private costs, so that unprofitable, even seemingly wasteful activities can sometimes be beneficial."1	The euro/dollar rate is down around 30 percent from its level before Europe began running such large surpluses.1	"If you want to have some fun, read the vituperative comments on that post."1	So to this day temperature is a good predictor of state population growth.1	"On the contrary: the European project, the construction of peace, democracy, and prosperity through union, is one of the best things that ever happened to humanity."1	Notice that this isn't the evil Krugman talking; it's the respectable Rogoff.1	But when did the notes become dominant over coin?1	So I think I may have something useful to add here.1	"But I think I might have something useful to say about a fact that is really unmistakable when you look at a list corrected by removing central bankers, or make a more subjective judgment: these days, the economist as public intellectual is overwhelmingly likely to be a liberal."1	"When I tell people that macroeconomic analysis has been triumphantly successful in recent years, I tend to get strange looks."1	"This isn't as prosaic as it sounds, because we were both in Hong Kong."1	"I don't mean what happened in country X in year Y, which you imagine supports your position; I mean the overall shape of events across many countries and multiple years."1	"Of course, it's easy to think of reasons why Grexit might not stabilize the situation as quickly as peso devaluation did."1	"I first talked to the Pimco people in, I think, 1991, when I was asked (and paid) to talk to them about economic issues; don't remember the subject."1	"The point is that it's crazy to let the rescue of the economy be held hostage to what is, if it's an issue at all, a technical matter of maturity mismatch."1	"There's the Romer-Romer narrative approach, which examines Fed minutes to identify “episodes in which there were large monetary disturbances not caused by output fluctuations”, and the Sims approach, which uses time-series methods."1	I suspect that evidence like this is one reason international macroeconomists have been less likely than domestic macro types to march off into the dreamworld of real business cycles and all that.1	"What we see, first of all, is that business investment fluctuates with the state of the economy (duh)."1	Watch that plunging euro!1	"Even the most hardened cynics couldn't have imagined that the candidates would sink so low, and stay so focused on personal insults."1	Economists who understand IS-LM have done vastly better in tracking our current crisis than people who don't.1	"The PBS Newshour isn't always a good place to get the best analysis, but it's a terrific place to take the pulse of Washington conventional wisdom — and as Dean Baker notes, that conventional wisdom has clearly swung to the view that our high unemployment is “structural”, not something that could be solved simply by boosting demand."1	"Mussa had a simple but powerful insight: if prices were flexible, then all relative prices should be determined by “real” factors, and their behavior shouldn't change if, say, a country goes from a fixed exchange rate to a flexible rate or vice versa."1	"But I have to say, he seems to be attacking a straw man named “Paul Krugman” who bears little resemblance to the Princeton economist of the same name."1	At least that's what I think he said; there were so many flourishes that it's hard to tell.1	"In general, I should have realized that we know less about wage and price determination under conditions of high unemployment than we do about savings, investment, and the liquidity trap."1	"And wages are still going nowhere, up only 1.7 percent over the past year."1	"When I first approached this issue, that's what I thought."1	"Now comes Sanders — very different in personal style from Obama 2008, but again someone who seems different and offers the hope of transformation."1	I had a couple of charts in my lectures this past week.1	The truth is that the quiescence of interest and inflation rates was predicted by everyone who understood the obvious — that we had entered a liquidity trap — and thought through the implications.1	"Reagan, after all, imposed an import quota on automobiles that ended up costing consumers billions of dollars."1	This is what it's really about.1	"Hot states had slaves because they were suitable for planation agriculture; and today's red states are, pretty much, the slave states of 150 years ago."1	"Well, that is, as he notes, really fiscal policy — it's a massive transfer program rather than a conventional monetary operation."1	"Also, did I mention that Jeb Bush seems to be getting his economic ideas from his brother's 4% growth project, which is led by inflation truther Amity Shlaes?"1	And international macroeconomists know that the behavior of real exchange rates — exchange rates adjusted for relative inflation — is a prime piece of evidence for price stickiness.1	The figure above summarizes the key result.1	So this is a kind of Cary Brown computation.1	"The marginal holder is simply looking for a store of value, and the only question should therefore be storage costs."1	"There are a lot of Democrats who see her as someone who has been subjected to character assassination, to vicious attacks, on a scale few women and no men in politics have ever encountered — yet she's still standing, still capable of remarkable grace under fire."1	"Oh, and cue the usual complaints that this isn't a “real” Nobel."1	"Central banks can change the monetary base now, but can they commit not to undo the expansion in the future, when inflation rises?"1	"It's the throwaway lines, the statements that obviously are meant to refer to what “everyone knows”, that can be truly revealing about the state of conventional wisdom."1	"Yes, fiscal expansion is expansionary."1	"In the long run, of course, when we're all dead."1	"But in the real world, while some (many) goods behave like this, some don't: their prices rise quickly with supply and demand changes, and don't display inertia."1	"Post-moderation recessions haven't been deliberately engineered by the Fed, they just happen when credit bubbles or other things get out of hand."1	What can be done?1	I notice that commenters keep citing this paper by Alesina and Ardagna as if it were a definitive rejection of Keynesian economics.1	"The answer, I think, is that we're living in a Dark Age of macroeconomics."1	Higher interest rates are always the solution; it's only the problem they're supposed to solve that changes.1	"First, as Joe Wiesenthal and Mike Konczal both point out, the actual politics is utterly the reverse of what's being claimed."1	"As it happens, however, while it's part of what everyone knows, it's also completely false."1	"… Asked about the possibility of a trade war at his debate with President Obama, Mr. Romney said one was already under way."1	"Again, it's too easy to lie to yourself — “I'm working really hard!” — but that number saying that you're only at 70 percent tells the truth."1	"There will be many combinations of those two prices at which the market for X clears, defining one schedule in this space; you can similarly define a schedule representing prices at which the market for Y clears, and yet again for Z."1	"If pharma gets to charge more for drugs in developing countries, do the benefits flow back to US workers?"1	"And we said that fiscal austerity would be contractionary, not expansionary."1	I believe this present labor supply of ours is peculiarly unadaptable and untrained.1	"Well, we do know from Wicksell what an unnatural rate, which sounds like more or less the same thing, would be: it would be an interest rate set too low in the sense that the economy overheats and we have accelerating inflation."1	"Um, but those market forces are currently willing to lend money to the US government at an interest rate of 3.05 percent."1	"The Census, which temporarily employed a lot of people, as it does every decade."1	"These gains aren't nothing, but we're not talking about a world-shaking deal here."1	There was so much wrong with Mitt Romney's Trump-is-a-disaster-whom-I-will-support-in-the-general speech that it may seem odd to call him out for bad international macroeconomics.1	Why?1	"Here they are: First, there's the Say's Law argument: because spending must equal income, any increase in government spending must be matched by a fall in private spending."1	"I'd also argue that the descent of right-leaning macroeconomics into hermetic absurdity matters quite a lot, because macro looms larger in the public sphere than it does within the academy."1	"Back in the old days, when dinosaurs roamed the earth and students still learned Keynesian economics, we used to hear a lot about the monetary “transmission mechanism” — how the Fed actually got traction on the real economy."1	But no.1	"The WSJ highlights a speech by Jaime Caruana, general manager of the Bank for International Settlements, warning of the dangers of easy money and the need to raise rates now to avert … something or other."1	"But someone at Bloomberg thinks it's just a well-known fact that rates are artificially low, and so misinforms readers."1	"When I was little I loved, just loved the John Ford movie The Horse Soldiers, a dramatization of Grierson's Raid; I think I made my father take me four times."1	"Brad DeLong weighs in on the Friedman legacy, and notes that there have been two big successful sort of meta-predictions in macroeconomics over the past half-century."1	Michael Mussa died yesterday.1	The tax hike on the top 1 percent in 2013 was also supposed to destroy the economy (much as the same people predicted disaster from the Clinton hike 20 years earlier.)1	"By the Friedman two-step, I mean the process of argument that began with Friedman and Schwartz on the Great Depression, in which they argued that the Fed could have prevented the Depression by aggressively expanding the monetary base to prevent a sharp fall in broader monetary aggregates."1	Gotcha!1	"I think this is empirically silly for the US and Europe in recent years, but again it's not the kind of raw nonsense of the first two arguments."1	"And as far as I know, there never was a time when policymakers could have viewed the collapse of a major money center bank with equanimity."1	"Um, crotchety white guys feeling cranky."1	All the bond bears have been dead wrong in predicting sky-high mortgage rates.1	21	"First, the whole stimulus debate is supposed to be about what happens when interest rates are up against the zero bound."1	[emphasis added] So the ECB was calling for austerity everywhere.1	I used to think so.1	It must be artificial!1	And here's the thing: it has.1	I have no idea what this implies for either Russian politics or geopolitics.1	"At the moment, Germany is talking as if it intends to follow the Michael Corleone strategy."1	"When you say things like this, libertarians tend to retort that if people mess up on such decisions, it's their own fault."1	"You basically represent the demand side of the economy with an IS curve; you imagine that monetary policy follows some kind of Taylor rule, in which the central bank sets interest rates based on the inflation rate and possibly some measure of economic slack; and you represent the supply side of the economy with a post-Friedmanite Phillips curve in which inflation rises ever higher if the economy is operating above potential, falls ever lower if the economy is operating below potential."1	"Furthermore, Fed efforts to do this probably tend on average to hurt, not help, bankers."1	"Whatever you do, don't undermine recovery by calling off jobs creation."1	"Back then, in accepting Mr. Trump's endorsement, Mr. Romney praised the businessman (who was already a well-known “birther”) as someone with an “extraordinary ability to understand how our economy works.”"1	"The reason for this difference, I think, is twofold."1	"Then an additional billion euros in spending should generate around 0.5 billion euros in revenue, reducing the primary surplus by only 0.5 billion euros."1	"This is the only actual example of Obama's alleged demonization of business that Zuckerman offers — and it's essentially a mini-Breitbart, a quote taken out of context to make it seem as if Obama was saying something he wasn't."1	"And it takes even more egotism to persist in the face of all the people who will, in fact, tell you that your insight is trivial, it's wrong, and they said it in 1962."1	"Back in 2004, Greg Mankiw declared, in the Economic Report of the President, that Aggressive monetary policy can reduce the depth of a recession."1	And any resolution must involve getting costs and prices back in line.1	Or at least it's not a problem you have if you don't accept a Randian deeply moralized view of market outcomes.1	What about the exchange rate and the trade balance?1	"On one side, can we just assume sticky prices without deriving them from first principles?"1	"But go to the same place right now, and you get this: Yep — they took the offending number out."1	"It's also sort of what Alesina and Ardagna do, but applied to a period in which big moves in deficits are clearly driven by austerity policies, so the many objections to their work don't have their usual force."1	"Partly because what “everyone knows” has never been explained to northern European electorates, so that the time to recognize reality is always at some future date."1	Mathematical modeling is a friend of mine.1	"An apparent multiplier of around 1.25, not out of line with other estimates."1	"The next year, by the way, they got David Germany, Jeremy Bulow, and, guess who, Ken Rogoff."1	"Almost surely it's a case of a zombie lie that has gone unchallenged in the hermetic world of movement conservatism, so that people like Paul know, just know, something that ain't so."1	By a few years into the 80s it was obvious that those models were unsustainable in the face of the data.1	That's because I have been working on this model!1	"We didn't have a really big fiscal expansion until World War II; and WWII isn't a good experiment because the surge in defense spending was accompanied by government policies that suppressed private demand, such as rationing and restrictions on investment."1	"To see my point, imagine first a world in which there are only two kinds of people: Spendthrift Sams and Judicious Janets."1	"Were Ryan and Taylor casting envious glances at the euro area, where the ECB's failure to do its job as lender of last resort provoked a series of near-catastrophic speculative attacks until Mario Draghi stepped up to the plate?"1	"A new paper by Fatas and Summers looks at the impact of fiscal austerity, not on actual output, but on estimates of potential output; it finds large negative effects."1	"In the long run, full employment is restored; it's just that in the long run we're all, well, you get the picture."1	"I see the following scenario: a weak stimulus plan, perhaps even weaker than what we're talking about now, is crafted to win those extra GOP votes."1	"Everyone's taken a hit, but they're back on the path to growth."1	But I'd like to offer a bit more analysis.1	"But long rates are largely determined by expected future short rates, so this argument doesn't make sense unless you have some story about why short rates should rise somewhere along the way."1	It goes like this: a lot of the untrue beliefs people have about Obamacare come not so much from outright false reporting as from selective reporting.1	"But hey, maybe I'm being simplistic."1	"It's now widely claimed that QE2 has been a success — and for sure, the US economy, which seemed to be sliding into a deflationary morass last summer, has perked up since then."1	But this too has been going on for a while.1	"I've come to believe that in a financial crisis and its slow-growth aftermath, the basic tools of monetary and fiscal policy face real limits on what they can accomplish."1	Yet Denmark has much lower inequality than we do. Why?1	"Remember, during the 1930s people like Hayek were liquidationists, with Hayek specifically denouncing expansionary monetary policy during a slump as “the creation of artificial demand.” The era of Friedmanism, of free-market views paired with tolerance for monetary stimulus, was a temporary and unsustainable interlude, and no amount of sensible argumentation will bring it back."1	"In reality, however, what we normally see is that nominal and real exchange rates are very closely correlated."1	"1.3 million new jobs, 4.4 percent growth, higher family income, eight balanced budgets, and tax cuts eight years in a row that saved our people and businesses 19 billion dollars."1	I've tried to understand demands that rates go up despite the absence of inflation pressure in terms of broad class interests.1	"It's all too easy to convince yourself that you've done enough walking, that shuffling around filing books is a pretty good workout, that you only miss exercise once a week or so — OK, maybe twice."1	"But you need to see this in terms of an attitude, not a coherent model."1	The IMF published a very useful piece on why “lowflation” brings many of the same risks as outright deflation.1	I also find the campaign that led to that moment fascinating.1	"Calculated Risk points us to a speech by Kevin Warsh that strikes me as almost the perfect illustration of the predicament we're in, in which policy is paralyzed by fear of invisible bond vigilantes."1	And right away I had a demonstration of why you want to see live performances.1	Let's hope so.1	"But maybe I can still add a bit to the description, and also talk about how all of this bears on some recent controversies."1	Relatively informal summary at VoxEU.1	"You can try to figure out the net effect, but what matters for the politics is perception, and that's surely murky."1	"Government spending only explains part of the variation in growth, but the t-statistic is 7.7; for the uninitiated, anything over around 2 is statistically significant at the 95 percent level."1	For even a cursory look at international data makes a compelling case for short-run price stickiness.1	"Somewhere in his writings Richard Dawkins talks about anti-evolution types who argue from personal incredulity — they say, “I just can't believe that chance could create something as complex as an eye”, and think that they have scored an important point."1	But is there any way to do that?1	"just after he left office) it promptly wiped out 900,000 of those 1.3 million jobs: So Jeb!"1	"Second, much of the critique of low rates simply assumes that saving is a meritorious activity that should be encouraged."1	"Alas, yes."1	"An economy that produced a decent standard of living for its people was in effect hijacked by a combination of free-market ideology and crony capitalism; one of the papers (pdf) at the conference I just attended in Luxembourg shows that the benefits of the financial bubble went overwhelmingly to a small minority at the top of the income distribution: And in the process of building short-lived financial empires, a handful of operators built up enormous debts that their fellow citizens are now expected to repay."1	"In fact, Marty's new column is almost identical in its argument to what he wrote in April 2009: he warns that the Fed won't pull back the liquidity it created when the economy recovers, and inflation will soar."1	But it also didn't help that so many economists also rejected what should have been obvious.1	"So the balance-sheet view actually makes a compelling case for activism — for fiscal deficits to support demand while the private sector gets its balance sheets in order, for monetary policy to support the fiscal policy, for a rise in inflation targets both to encourage whoever isn't debt-constrained to spend more and to erode the real value of the debt."1	"Essentially, the clever Q.E."1	"If you'd grown up in my place and time, you'd know the answer: Sam and Janet evening / You will see a stranger … But actually, I'm thinking of the two kinds of agent in the Kiyotaki-Moore model.)"1	And if Greece really does leave the euro — if it turns out that the single currency is not irreversible — do you really think there would be no contagion?1	It's one thing to have an argument about whether consumers are perfectly rational and have perfect access to the capital markets; it's another to have the big advocates of all that perfection not understand the implications of their own model.1	"Of course, we know why: it's the Bernie Madoff effect, a.k.a."1	"If they didn't — if they did not have, at the core of their being, a frightening level of intellectual arrogance — they would never have had the temerity to decide that they had insights denied to all the extremely clever scholars who preceded them."1	"Look, all major advanced countries have positive inflation targets, generally 2 percent — whether that target is appropriate isn't something we need to discuss here."1	So why would anyone pay money for this guy's analysis?1	"Last year was the 50th anniversary of the War on Poverty, and the date provoked a flurry of studies correcting some widespread myths; perhaps most notable was an enlightening report from the Council of Economic Advisers."1	And it does seem to me that there's a bit more to the story than a casual pass might suggest.1	"If you read what right-wingers say about the economy — and even alleged moderate conservatives, like Tim Pawlenty — you see, over and over again, the assertion that under Obama, government employment has risen sharply even as private employment has fallen."1	"Not very, he says."1	"If you like, the 70s showed the limits of policy, but the 80s showed that there were limits to those limits — that monetary policy (and fiscal policy, under some conditions) remained powerful as a tool to stabilize the economy."1	"There's a more formal treatment of the ideas, plus a bunch of further results, in my work with Gauti Eggertsson."1	"Can and will they be realistic, accept that they can't extract blood from a stone — at any rate not at the rate of 4.5 percent of GDP — in time to avert a spiral into disaster?"1	Then the per-year effect of the plan on GDP is 150 x 1 + 240 x 1.5 = $510 billion.1	"“The housing market is at or near the bottom.” Henry Paulson, April 2007."1	Is there anybody out there?1	"But what's clear in this discussion is that these guys are simply unaware of all this work, and feel entitled to make proclamations a priori."1	"The U.S. right, in particular, is fond of the “Ma!"1	"In the figure below, I show two series."1	"I understand where Evans-Pritchard is coming from, because I've been there."1	"Everywhere you turn there are anomalies that should have had that side of the profession questioning its premises, from the absence of the technology shocks that were supposed to drive business cycles, to the evident effectiveness of monetary policy, to the near-perfect correlation of nominal and real exchange rates."1	"But they insisted that it was illegitimate to assume sticky prices and wages, that any story you tell must be grounded in microfoundations — and not just that, in maximizing behavior."1	"But the BIS has also gone in heavily for the notion that we're suffering from a balance-sheet recession, that is, that over-indebtedness on the part of part of the private sector is exerting a persistent drag on the economy."1	"By the early 1980s, however, it was overwhelmingly clear that rational confusion couldn't explain business cycles, either empirically or theoretically — business cycles last too long, rational agents should be able to tell real from nominal shocks using information like asset prices, and more."1	"This says that the deficits were crowding investment in, not out."1	"The key proposition in that case was an assertion, based on Lucas-type models, that only unanticipated changes in monetary policy had real effects."1	"As far as I can see, the modest fall in the dollar has been entirely good news for the US economy."1	And do interest rates move housing?1	"A Very Serious, chin-stroking pundit argues that what we really need is a political leader willing to concede that while the economy needs short-run stimulus, we also need to address long-term deficits, and that addressing those long-term deficits will require both spending cuts and revenue increases."1	"Saith the commenter, The markets want money for cocaine and prostitutes."1	"The money supply argument doesn't work when we're at the zero lower bound, which is after all why we're talking about fiscal policy in the first place; but there is a school of thought that insists that the Fed and the ECB and the BoJ could achieve full employment if only they wanted to."1	"More than 10% of GDP: And by all accounts, this was helpful to Israel's economy."1	"If you think otherwise, you've been snookered."1	"Nor, I guess, is it notable that, to all appearances, he has learned nothing at all from his predictive failures — that the fact that he was wrong about everything, while the Keynesians got almost everything right, has made no dent in his faith that he has The Truth."1	"Consider, for example, the case of Denmark, which Bernie Sanders famously held up as a role model."1	But it's worth remembering that not all prominent Republicans were predicting 70s-style stagflation; some of them were predicting Weimar-style hyperinflation instead.1	"That said, my second complaint: that big drop in the TIPS spread in 2008-2009 wasn't entirely about inflation expectations."1	And the problems with public debt are also mainly about possible instability rather than “borrowing from our children”.1	"We should be creating wealth, not printing dollars."1	"They haven't heard about these New Keynesian guys or their papers, so there must be nothing there — which is something you can get away with in trade, but not in macro amid a global crisis."1	"Here's what I actually said about QE2: I believe that given the grim economic situation, all players in the game should be trying to do whatever they can."1	"Traditional IS-LM analysis said that the Fed's policies would have little effect on inflation; so did the translation of that analysis into a stripped-down New Keynesian framework that I did back in 1998, starting the modern liquidity-trap literature."1	But that's not at all the same as saying that it causes recessions.1	"What's interesting, as Appelbaum notes, is that the revival of Keynesian ideas was taking place at a time when Chicago was proclaiming Keynes gone, vanquished, consigned to the dustbin of history, pushing up the daisies, joined the choir invisible (hand invisible?)."1	"And that, I think, tells us what we need to know about the political economy of permahawkery."1	Much like the reparations the Allies tried to extract from Germany after World War I — although for somewhat different reasons — forcing Greece to run huge primary surpluses at this point would impose a very large “excess burden” over and above the direct cost of the surpluses themselves.1	And then there is the unprecedented fiscal austerity.1	And how would you know if the Fed is setting rates too low?1	"What happens when you're in a liquidity trap, with short-term interest rates up against the zero lower bound?"1	Hahahaha.1	"As it happens, the best nonpartisan analysis, in my judgment, is the CBO report on the first vintage (pdf); as I said, details change, but the general idea remains the same."1	The biggest piece of the super-rich-super-donor story is money from the financial sector.1	What gets me here is the complete unwillingness to accept the reality test.1	"Ah, remember when right-leaning economists were mocking the Euroskeptics, including yours truly?"1	But so it goes.1	"And he brushed off concerns about starting a trade war, declaring that one was already underway: “It's a silent one, and they're winning.”"1	How much do tax cuts and spending raise GDP?1	"Meanwhile, a couple of thoughts."1	"Politically, of course, not so much — but you can't have everything."1	"I'm doing a bit of work on Abenomics, which will surface in a week or so."1	What Greece is asking for — although German voters probably don't know this — is not a fresh infusion of money.1	"One of them was that in a way, China's low-consumption high-investment economy was a kind of Ponzi scheme."1	And it's therefore the rate monetary policy is supposed to achieve.1	"Again and again we've seen freshwater macroeconomists declare that New Keynesians, let alone those who respect the older stuff, don't get some basic point; they don't understand the accounting identities, they don't understand Ricardian equivalence, they don't understand the Euler condition, they don't understand the Fisher equation."1	An aging population and the demand for a more highly educated work force certainly push in that direction.1	The basic model works; we really do know what we're talking about.1	I still keep reading articles asserting that the last two recessions were brief and shallow.1	And then the pundit asserts that both parties are to blame for the absence of such leaders.1	"Meanwhile, the European policy elite has simply wished away the clear evidence that the euro zone needs to make an adjustment that is virtually impossible unless inflation targets are raised."1	"But this normality was, as we all recognized, a wonderful thing: Portugal had emerged from a long, troubled history to become part of the basic decency of the European social model."1	"The latest Case-Shiller housing price numbers are out, and they're as grim as you might expect."1	"The point is that while reserve-currency status may have political symbolism attached, it's essentially irrelevant as an economic goal — and definitely not worth distorting policy to achieve."1	"Finally, if the natural real rate is zero or less, a 2 percent inflation target gives very little room for interest rate cuts to fight recessions."1	"Remember, it was Bush, not a Democrat, who imposed a WTO-illegal steel tariff, then had to back down in the face of European pressure."1	"As I've explained before, the alien thing was a modern riff on Keynes's coalmine thought experiment."1	"And some people really want to hear that message, and don't want to hear that they're being unrealistic."1	"But we also need better critics, who are prepared to take the risk of actually taking sides for good economics and against dogmatism."1	Apparently not — at least not at the World Bank.1	"Think of all the people living on fixed incomes, we're told."1	"So on the policy debate, I come down firmly on the Summers side."1	Let me jump right in here.1	But there's an odd coda to the story.1	"From the point of view of the creditors, that's a trivial sum."1	Some readers have asked me to reply to this Steve Keen piece claiming that I don't understand the IS-LM model.1	"What he absolutely won't do is endanger his centrist credentials by admitting that the position he's just outlined is exactly, exactly, the position of Barack Obama."1	What the worriers seem to regard as a danger sign — that supposedly awful carry trade — is exactly what you would expect to see even if fiscal policy were on a perfectly sustainable trajectory.1	"Now, we usually explain how this curve is derived in a different way: we say that given the interest rate, you can determine investment demand, and then through the multiplier process this determines GDP."1	"The correlation in 2009-10 is the real deal, however."1	"So, about the deal."1	And left and right in modern America are not mirror images.1	We can print up the same amount of money and buy anything with it.1	"And so you had a substantial chunk of the profession going back to sticky-price models, arguing that under imperfect competition things like menu costs or slight deviations from perfect rationality were enough to make money very non-neutral in the short run."1	And there's a widespread acceptance that we were paying too little attention to debt and the financial sector.1	"In effect, the policy is to inflict pain for the sake of inflicting pain."1	"And it therefore claimed that easy money would lead to a rapid rise in inflation, despite the high level of unemployment."1	"After around 2000, you could argue that policies abroad were responsible: China and other developing countries were clearly keeping their currencies undervalued and accumulating large dollar reserves, and the counterpart of that accumulation had to be deficits in the rest of the world, which ended up meaning us."1	But it would be wrong.1	"Given the macroeconomics, however, it is much bigger than it looks."1	And you would not have found anything in what happened from 2008 on that contradicted your views.1	"Well, as a card-carrying economist I disavow any responsibility for Rick Santelli and Larry Kudlow; I similarly declare that Paul Ryan and Olli Rehn aren't my fault."1	"On the other side, they have had to invent an imaginary GOP that bears little resemblance to the real thing."1	Which brings me to the case of John Taylor.1	Awesome.1	I eagerly await a response.1	"You can make the case that there are some aspects of education that are a public good, but that's not really why we rely on the government to provide most education, and not at all why the government is so involved in retirement and health."1	China has now demonstrated that its currency peg is no longer solid; but it has come nowhere near to devaluing enough to create expectations of future appreciation.1	"(Yes, Grexit — ugly word, but we're stuck with it.)"1	The added debt absorbs savings that would otherwise go to private investment.1	Their evidence to the contrary?1	Leave macroeconomics on one side: what about the theory of the second best?1	So why is this supposed to be something to worry about?1	My view is that rapid trade growth since World War II was driven by two great waves of trade liberalization and one major technological innovation.1	"I'd also add that if flows matter a lot — if it's hard to persuade investors to buy a suddenly increased quantity of newly issued Treasuries per month, as opposed to being willing to hold the total amount of Treasuries outstanding — the big shift into budget deficits and the corresponding increase in Treasury issuance should have led to sharply rising interest rates."1	"Howard Gleckman of the Tax Policy Center calls these unspecified sources of revenue “mystery meat”, and strongly suggests that nothing like this would actually happen."1	"The basic story of the euro crisis remains the same: it's essentially a balance of payments crisis, misinterpreted as a fiscal crisis, and the key question is whether internal devaluation is really workable."1	What Carmen Reinhart tells us is that we should expect very bad things.1	"So as I read it, between falling tax payments without any corresponding fall in federal benefits, plus safety-net aid — not counting Medicaid, which would make the number even bigger — Florida received what amounted to an annual transfer from Washington of $31 billion plus, or more than 4 percent of state GDP."1	"Each point in the scatterplot represents an individual GIIPS country in a given year, with the horizontal axis showing the change in the structural balance — effectively, the additional austerity imposed in that year — and the vertical axis representing the rate of growth."1	"What happens if there is an increase in demand, say because household balance sheets have improved?"1	"But the real technocrats — people like Christy Romer and, well, me — were saying right from the beginning that the stimulus was too small, etc."1	"Consider the case of Israel, which in the face of the economic crisis engaged in massive foreign currency intervention to weaken the shekel."1	"With notably rare exceptions (2008, for example), the global “invisible hand” has created relatively stable exchange rates, interest rates, prices, and wage rates."1	"In practice, things are more complicated, because long-term bonds aren't perfect substitutes for short-term — so the Fed can get some traction by buying at longer maturities."1	"Of course, I would think that, since that was when I went to school there, and this post is surely self-indulgent."1	"The tone is rather jaundiced, but that's surely a defensible attitude, and everything substantive it says about economics rings true from my own experience; I'm glad to see that quantitative analysis confirms what I thought."1	Here's where Hicks meets Wicksell: rates are too low if the economy is overheating and inflation is accelerating.1	"Still, trade does seem to be making a positive contribution."1	It's true that the more or less Keynesian view of macroeconomics common to everyone on this list is by no means unchallenged in the real world; but the anti-Keynesians don't really turn to academic economists for guidance.1	What's going on?1	"And while trade barriers were higher in the 1930s than before, this was partly a response to the Depression, partly a consequence of deflation, which made specific tariffs (i.e., tariffs that are stated in dollars per unit, not as a percentage of value) loom larger."1	"But now the IMF is playing bad cop, declaring that it cannot release funds until Syriza toes the line on pensions and labor market reform."1	(My emphasis).1	"I guess I'd say that if powerful political forces block any effective response to a crisis, there is no effective response to that crisis."1	"I just answered some questions for Princeton magazine, and among them was this: Please comment on how artificially low interest rates have impacted the current value of baby boomers' retirement portfolios and should this be a consideration of the Federal Reserve?"1	Yesterday afternoon I downloaded the tables from that Heritage report that's the basis for the Ryan plan.1	Back then it was almost universally insisted that the failure of monetary base expansion to filter through into bank lending showed that a dysfunctional banking system was the core of Japan's problem.1	"I may have been exaggerating the extent to which this is true of other disciplines, but economics for sure."1	"So even if you believe that a low-rate environment is helping to feed a series of bubbles, you have to ask how it can possibly make sense to raise rates when the underlying problem is overall economic weakness, which a rate hike would make worse."1	So I found it — as Spock would say — fascinating.1	"And then Mitch McConnell says “See, government spending doesn't work.” Let's hope I've got this wrong."1	"There's a famous passage in Schumpeter's writings during the Great Depression, in which he lays out the extreme liquidationist position, arguing not just against the use of fiscal policy to fight unemployment but even against monetary policy, lest it get in the way of the “work of depressions”."1	But this would greatly increase trade tensions and pose problems for foreign policy.1	Is that explanation clear enough to get through?1	Choose Z as the numeraire – the good in which prices are measured.1	"Hype springs eternal â€” certainly when it comes to Paul Ryan, whose media image as a Serious, Honest Conservative and policy wonk seems utterly impervious to repeated demonstrations that he is neither serious nor honest, and that he actually knows very little about policy."1	And here we go again.2	But what really amazes me about the latest set of stories is the promise that Ryan will finally deliver the Republican Obamacare alternative that his colleagues in Congress have somehow failed to produce after all these years.1	"No, he wonâ€™t â€” because there is no alternative."1	Or maybe I should say that there is no alternative to the right.1	Alternatives to the left do exist.1	"True socialized medicine â€” an American NHS â€” would be feasible economically; so would single-payer, in the form of Medicare for all."1	The reasons we arenâ€™t doing those are political.1	"But on the right, is there a more free-market, more privatized system that could replace the Affordable Care Act without causing the number of uninsured to soar?"1	"No, as some of us have tried to explain many times."1	Once again: a useful starting point is the problem of people with pre-existing conditions.1	How can they be offered affordable insurance?1	You can prohibit insurers from discriminating on the basis of medical history â€” community rating.2	"But if that's all you do, only sicker people will sign up; many will wait until they get sick to buy insurance; and so costs will be high due to a bad risk pool."1	"So non-discrimination must be combined with an individual mandate, the requirement that everyone get insurance."1	But what about people who can't afford it?1	"There must be subsidies to lower-income families, so that they can."1	"What you end up with, then, is community rating + individual mandate + subsidies; that is, with Obamacare."1	"There's nothing arbitrary about it, and you can't pick and choose from the elements: it's a three-legged stool that needs all three legs to stand."1	"And it can't be made cheaper, either; the subsidies are already on the low end, requiring that the allowed policies can involve higher deductibles than they really should."1	"And all this, in turn, is the reason Republicans haven't come up with an alternative."1	"It's not because they're timid, or lazy, or stupid (they may be all these things, but that's not why they've come up short)."1	It's because there is no alternative that wouldn't involve taking coverage away from tens of millions.2	"So no, Ryan isn't going to roll out a magical solution to this problem in the next couple of months."1	"Even if he were the policy wonk he pretends to be, he couldn't do the impossible."1	"Ad hominem attacks aren't a final line of defense, they're argument #1."1	"After all, the reason you study an issue at all is usually that you care about it, that there's something you want to achieve or see happen."1	"All I needed was a simple model with all the i's dotted and t's crossed, and it would show that the liquidity trap was a myth."1	Also important for understanding why sudden stops produce large import contractions even under fixed rates.1	Alternatives to the left do exist.1	Am I always and everywhere innocent of motivated reasoning?1	"Among these controversies, the debate over economic analysis is probably well down the list of importance; but it's obviously one that I care about."1	"And all this, in turn, is the reason Republicans haven't come up with an alternative."1	"And as it turns out, during the recent oil crash long-term rates fell enough to more than offset the decline in expected inflation."1	And here we go again.1	And I have no patience for people who are eager to assume that what they want to believe is true.1	And I see that Pro Growth Liberal is complaining about Gerald Friedman's latest attempt to defend his estimates for growth from the Sanders program.1	"And if you catch yourself fiddling with the model to get something else out of it, that should set off a little alarm in your brain."1	"And if you want macro policy that isn't dictated by Ayn Rand logic, you have to turn to a Democrat; on the other side, there's nobody rational to talk to."2	"And it can't be made cheaper, either — the subsidies are already on the low end, requiring that the allowed policies can involve higher deductibles than they really should."1	"And it seems to me that the worldview I reached after going through that process stood me in very good stead after 2008, when we all turned Japanese, and the predictions of that kind of model about inflation and deficit spending were vastly more accurate than the scare stories so popular on CNBC etc… It was kind of funny if annoying to have right-wingers insisting that all this Keynesian analysis people like me were doing was just an attempt to invent reasons for government spending; actually it came out of an attempt to show that this spending *wasn't* necessary, but the discipline of modeling led me to revise my views."1	"And no, protectionism didn't cause the Great Depression."1	"And that case is, unfortunately, reasonably strong."1	And that's where Boris Johnson's tirade against President Obama is so wonderfully clarifying.1	"And the answer – the answer that comes from standard trade models – is, not as important as many people seem to think."1	And the choice of this argument is telling us something about what's wrong with a lot of people beyond Trump.1	"And there has also been a huge intellectual vindication, with interest rates, inflation, and output looking much more like Keynesian predictions than like what those on the right were predicting."2	"And they would, all too probably, take on a strong, even dominant role in British politics post-Brexit."1	"And to the extent that we're talking about innovation, the Econ 101 case says nothing at all: the efficiency case for carbon pricing is about making best use of existing technology, not about providing incentives to develop better technology."1	And we know quite a lot about what these policies would do.1	And what I gather from reading various analyses of our prospects is that we're closer to case #2 than to case #1: the problem of limiting climate change isn't all that complex.1	"Another is that the parties are different; the monolithic GOP has, until just now, been able to get all its followers declaring that we're at war with Eurasia, or Eastasia, with no awkward challenges from independent-minded wonks."1	"Anyway, interesting stuff."1	"As it happens, I wrote about essentially the same question back in 2010, inspired by the more or less hysterical pushback against quantitative easing."1	"As you know, I'm only saying these things because I'm a corporate whore and want a job with Hillary."1	"As you might expect if you're into these things, my take on the euro was strongly informed by the theory of Optimum Currency Areas; I expected pushback."1	"At the time, I was very much part of the mainstream consensus that viewed fiscal policy as old stuff, and saw monetary policy as all we needed for stabilization; I had been making fun of people like William Greider, who saw us facing inadequate demand forever thanks to automation."1	"Because when you try to write down a model, it often seems to lead someplace you weren't expecting or wanting to go."1	"Beyond all this, however, we probably need to revisit the classic 1950 Orcutt analysis of likely biases in estimates of trade response to prices."1	"Big capital flows to the European periphery led to inflation and rising real exchange rates, and this was associated with huge trade imbalances."1	"Brad DeLong asks why monetarism — broadly defined as the view that monetary policy can and should be used to stabilize economies — has more or less disappeared from the scene, both intellectually and politically."1	But 2 percent is a lot!1	"But anyway, it does seem worth pointing out that progressivity of taxes is not the most important thing, even when your concern is inequality."1	"But bad arguments are bad arguments, even if used against a bad guy."1	But conclusions like that shouldn't be accepted without a lot of hard thinking and self-criticism; you need to bend over backward to avoid falling into wishful thinking.1	"But I didn't realize how many people now seem to believe that real exchange rates don't matter for adjustment — that is, that even internal devaluation (downward adjustment of prices and wages relative to trading partners) isn't necessary in the aftermath of unsustainable capital inflows."1	"But I think there's a bit more to be said about the process of using economic models, and why — in my experience — they can be especially helpful on politically or emotionally charged issues."1	But I try to fight it.1	"But I want to make a different point: even if comparative advantage is a profound insight, does this make free trade versus protectionism a front-burner issue?"2	But if a large part of the solution is going to involve a fairly limited set of measures — such as putting a quick end to the practice of burning coal to generate electricity — getting to broad-based carbon pricing is much less central.2	"But if that's all you do, only sicker people will sign up; many will wait until they get sick to buy insurance; and so costs will be high due to a bad risk pool."1	"But if you want to make the case that trade liberalization has been the principal driver of growth, or anything along those lines, well, the models don't say that."2	"But if you're on a gold standard, nominal gold prices can't rise; the only way real prices can rise is a fall in the prices of everything else."1	"But leave all that aside, and ask: how *important* is it that our carbon-emissions strategy take the form of a universal or near-universal price on carbon?"1	"But my guess is that the oil-price disappointment comes less from expectational channels than from two facts: oil is now a big driver of investment, via shale, and oil exporters are actually cash-constrained these days, with an arguably *higher* marginal propensity to spend than oil consumers."1	But never imagine that it's the be-all and end-all of what matters.1	But never mind.1	"But now any skepticism about claims that multipliers are vastly higher than that, and that there are no supply constraints preventing the U.S. economy from growing 4.5 percent for the next decade, makes you no different from the inflation and debt fear mongers of the right."1	"But on economics, Trump is a big protectionist, while Cruz is a devotee of the gold standard."1	"But on the right, is there a more free-market, more privatized system that could replace the Affordable Care Act without causing the number of uninsured to soar?"1	"But that, I suspect, is rarely how things work."1	"But that's wrong: asking who would call the shots afterwards, who would be strengthened, is extremely relevant."1	"But the all-purpose response to anyone who raises questions is that she or he is a member of the establishment, personally corrupt, etc.."1	But the big example of Veg-O-Matic reasoning I see right now — in this case the anti-VOM version — is coming in what we might call the mainstream critique of Donald Trump.1	"But the controversies will live on, for a while at least."1	"But there is no evidence that she's corrupt, and lots of evidence that she both thinks hard about issues and is willing to revise her views in the light of facts and experience."1	"But to get a macro picture that looked anything like the real world, and which justified monetary activism, you needed to assume that for some reason wages and prices were slow to adjust."1	"But to point to the EU's failings as a reason to leave is, as George Stigler used to say, giving the prize in a singing contest to the second contestant because you've heard the first."1	But too many anti-Trump critics seem to have settled on one critique that happens not to be right: the claim that a turn to protectionism would cause vast job losses.1	But what about people who can't afford it?1	But what really amazes me about the latest set of stories is the promise that Ryan will finally deliver the Republican Obamacare alternative that his colleagues in Congress have somehow failed to produce after all these years.1	"But while the purposes may be different, the substantive issues remain."1	"Call it 2 percent, with the understanding that there are big error margins around all of this."1	"Certainly willing to be proved wrong — but we need to do this carefully, because it's really important for future policy."1	"Comparative advantage says that countries are made richer by international trade, even if one trading partner is more productive than the other across the board, and the less productive country can only export thanks to low wages."1	"Decisions, decisions."1	"Devaluation that takes place along with an economic recovery may not be associated with a falling trade deficit, because rising demand is offsetting improved competitiveness — I think this is relevant for Iceland."1	Does Clinton have problems too?1	Eaton-Kortum suggest theta=4 fits best.1	"Econ 101 tells us that if you want to reduce emissions of a pollutant, the most efficient way to do that is to put a price on emissions, so that all possible routes to reduction are taken, and the marginal cost is the same for all routes."1	"Economists were urged to build everything from “micro foundations” — which was taken to mean perfect rationality and clearing markets, not realistic descriptions of individual behavior."2	End coal-burning and you've gone a significant way; a few other big things get you another substantial part of the way.1	"Eurocrats have a lot to answer for: the huge mistake of the euro, the reckless and feckless promotion of austerity, the hapless response to the refugee crisis and in general the failure to take seriously the strains of internal migration."1	"Even if he were the policy wonk he pretends to be, he couldn't do the impossible."1	"Except that the model didn't say that; it said that unless current monetary expansion raised expectations of future inflation, it wouldn't have any effect at the zero lower bound."1	"Falling oil leads to falling inflation expectations, and since interest rates can't fall, real rates go up, hurting recovery."1	"First, a priori, falling oil prices shouldn't affect expectations for the rate of inflation of non-oil goods and services, or at least it's not obvious that it should — and that's the inflation rate that should matter for investment."1	"First, it's worth thinking about where those big external imbalances came from."1	"For the business about discounting Clinton support as coming from “conservative states” in the “Deep South” actually exemplifies the problem I saw in the Sanders campaign from the beginning, and made me distrust both the movement and the man."1	"For those of us who participated in the austerity debates, that's pretty amazing and disheartening."1	"Given an adverse shock to demand, it rules out any offsetting loosening of monetary policy."1	He would destroy American civil society; destroy our hopes of containing climate change; destroy U.S. influence by trying to bully everyone in sight.1	"Hello, deflation!"1	"Here it goes: before it joined the EU, Britain did only about a third of its trade with Europe."1	Hicksian macro — IS-LM or something like it — remains an extremely useful tool of both analysis and policy formulation; that tool is not helped by trying to state it in terms of monetary velocity and all that.1	"His bottom line — don't let your economic analysis be dictated by what you want to be true, or what you think would be good for people to believe — is exactly right."1	"His point is that while Econ 101 can be a very useful guide, it is sometimes (often) misleading when applied to the real world."1	History doesn't support this line of attack either.1	How can they be offered affordable insurance?1	"How did that happen, if real exchange rates don't matter?"1	"How important is this insight, anyway?"1	"Hype springs eternal — certainly when it comes to Paul Ryan, whose media image as a Serious, Honest Conservative and policy wonk seems utterly impervious to repeated demonstrations that he is neither serious nor honest, and that he actually knows very little about policy."1	"I come here not to praise Trump — God no — and would be happy to see his political ambitions buried, with maximum ignominy."1	"I don't want to step on his forthcoming message, but what he's said so far helped crystallize something I've meant to write about for a while, a phenomenon I'll call “101 boosterism.” The name is a takeoff on Noah Smith's clever writing about “101ism”, in which economics writers present Econ 101 stuff about supply, demand, and how great markets are as gospel, ignoring the many ways in which economists have learned to qualify those conclusions in the face of market imperfections."1	I guess I could have thrown out the result and gone in search of another approach that told me what I wanted to hear — but what I did instead was rethink my preconceptions.1	I guess I'd offer several answers.1	"I guess I'm showing a strong preconception here — that done right, analysis will show that trade elasticities remain fairly large."1	I have no illusions that rational argument will make much difference in the short run; we're in that stage where anything Clinton supports is ipso facto evil.1	"I know some people think that I'm obsessing over trivial policy details, but they're missing the point."1	I see that @drvox is writing a big piece on carbon pricing – and agonizing over length and time.1	"I talked at the Council for European Studies conference in Philly last night, and was surprised by one aspect of the discussion."1	"I think I know the answer: it's an argument that doesn't involve taking on bad things in the Trump agenda that differ from the agenda of other Republicans only in degree — as Matt O'Brien says, on tax policy Trump is just Paul Ryan on steroids."1	"I thought then and think now that this was fated to happen, that Milton Friedman's project was always doomed to failure."1	"I wanted to show that Japan posed no big challenge for that consensus, and offered no comfort for Greiderish thinking."1	"I'd make another point: even using market expectations, real interest rates have in fact gone down, not up, in the face of falling oil prices: How is this possible, given the zero lower bound?"1	"I've previously used the elegant Eaton-Kortum trade analysis as a benchmark for assessing globalization; it tells us that real income, for given technology, is (1-trade share)^(-1/theta), where theta is a parameter reflecting how much comparative advantage there is in the world (don't ask)."1	I've written on a number of occasions about the Veg-O-Matic temptation — the urge to claim that your preferred policy solves all problems — it slices!1	"If Britain does leave the EU, and escapes the grip of the Eurocrats, who will it be empowering instead?"2	"If reducing emissions really has to involve moving on many fronts, anything that looks like an administrative solution — telling, say, power companies what to do or not to do — is going to be much more costly than carbon pricing that exploits all the possibilities."1	"If we add in the reality that heavy soda consumption really is destructive, with the consequences falling most heavily on low-income children, I'd say that Sanders is very much on the wrong side here."1	"If you want enormous benefits to trade, you have to invoke things like technology transfer that aren't in the very analysis that gives the case for free trade such prestige."1	"In a crisis, people get worried about banks and seek cash, increasing the demand for monetary base — but you can't expand the monetary base to meet this demand, because it's tied to gold."1	"In a word, governance."1	"In each case the story runs into big trouble if you do a bit of homework; if not completely wrong, it needs a lot of qualification."1	"In fact, I very much doubt that he'd be raising the issue at all if he weren't still hoping to pull off some kind of political Hail Mary pass."1	"In fact, you see a lot of that."1	"In general, I'm not fond of this practice – it smacks way too much of 101 boosterism, deriving a policy argument from basic economic models then invoking factors not in the models to make the argument seem much stronger than it is."1	"In modern America Veg-O-Matic economics has tended to be a right-wing thing, for a couple of reasons."1	"In my experience, modeling is a helpful tool (among others) in avoiding that trap, in being self-aware when you're starting to let your desired conclusions dictate your analysis."1	"In particular, economists may delight in talking about issues where 101 refutes naïve intuition, but that doesn't at all mean that these are the crucial policy issues we face."2	"In that case, Brexit would reduce British real income by 1.7 percent."1	"In this case, it's pretty much irrelevant: the EU is, on average, comparable in wages and per capita income to the UK, with much of the trade intraindustry specialization that has little distributional effect."1	"Inevitably the drive for purism collided with the realistic accommodations, the ad hockery, needed to be useful; sure enough, half the macroeconomics profession basically said, “what are you going to believe, our models or your lying eyes?” and abandoned any good sense Friedman had originally brought to the subject."1	"Initially, he didn't claim to be doing anything especially new — on the contrary, he and his defenders claimed that they were doing standard Keynesian economics — apparently unaware that they were doing no such thing."1	It causes acne!1	It creates jobs!1	It dices!1	It purees!1	It raises productivity!1	It seems to me that there's something similar involved in discussions of carbon pricing.1	It takes off weight without diet or exercise!1	"It tells us who the anti-EU wing of the Conservatives really are; it tells us not just that they are pretty close to UKIP, but that intellectually and emotionally they live in the same fever swamps as the American right."1	"It turns out, however, that we're seeing a significant revival of the “elasticity pessimism” widely prevalent during the post World War II “dollar shortage”."1	"It was a consequence, not a cause — and much less severe in countries that had the good sense to leave the gold standard."1	"It's a real insight, and has had positive impacts on real-world policy — cap-and-trade has worked very well at reducing acid rain."1	"It's about an attitude, the sense that righteousness excuses you from the need for hard thinking and that any questioning of the righteous is treason to the cause."2	It's all about the big banks; single-payer is there for the taking if only we want it; government spending will yield huge payoffs — not the more modest payoffs conventional Keynesian analysis suggests; Republican support will vanish if we take on corporate media.1	"It's all about the term structure: long-term rates aren't at zero, although they're at least somewhat supported by the floor on short-term rates."1	It's because there is no alternative that wouldn't involve taking coverage away from tens of millions.1	It's contractionary!1	"It's like that point in 2008 when Obama supporters hated, hated the individual mandate that eventually became, as it had to, a central piece of Obamacare."1	"It's not as easy a case as I'd like – but Johnson's intervention makes it clear: Britain should stay in, lest it empower people like him."1	"It's not because they're timid, or lazy, or stupid (they may be all these things, but that's not why they've come up short)."1	It's very scary that there's any chance that he might end up with his (long) finger on the button.1	"It's very, very hard to come up with policies that will make a country 2 percent richer in perpetuity."1	Let me give a personal example.1	Let me start with the economics.1	Low oil prices were supposed to be a big boost for the world economy; but it didn't happen.1	"Matt O'Brien is skeptical, and so am I — even though I am very much in favor of rethinking our usual assumptions when the economy is at the ZLB."1	"Maury Obstfeld, my long-time textbook co-author and now chief economist at the IMF, offers an interesting argument about why: he suggests that it's because of the zero lower bound."1	"Monetarism added the clause, “except for monetary expansion to fight recessions.” Sooner or later gold bugs and Austrians, with their pure message, were going to write that escape clause out of the acceptable doctrine."1	Motivation is always there; the trick is to do all you can to avoid motivated reasoning that validates what you want to hear.1	"My point is somewhat different: even when Econ 101 is right, that doesn't always mean that it's important – certainly not that it's the most important thing about a situation."1	"No, as some of us have tried to explain many times."1	"No, he won't — because there is no alternative."1	"Noah Smith has another interesting piece on methodology, inspired by the Friedman-Sanders economic projections controversy."1	"Notably, Nordic countries — very much including Denmark, which Sanders has praised as a model — rely heavily on the VAT, which is a regressive tax; but they use that revenue to pay for a strong social safety net, which is much more important."1	"Now as then, the argument rests in large part on specific cases where large changes in relative prices don't seem to have produced large changes in trade (Greece's lagging exports), or conversely, where large changes in trade seem to have happened without large changes in relative prices (Spain's export recovery, maybe)."1	"Now it's about half, and it's unlikely that much of that represents trade diversion."1	"Now, I was aware that IS-LM analysis didn't support my complacency — but I was sure that this was just a limitation of that analysis, which after all was ad hoc about a lot of stuff, indeed didn't necessarily honor all budget constraints."1	"Now, there are a variety of reasons why, despite this big insight, free trade may not be the right policy – that's Noah's 101ism."1	"Of course — she's been too cozy with established interests in the past, she shouldn't have given those speeches, and of course she shouldn't have voted for the Iraq War."1	"Of course, Maury could be right in an other things equal sense."1	"Oh, and Europe has been largely useless in dealing with the destruction of democracy in Hungary."1	"Oh, and on the issue where Lucas accused Romer of corruption: her estimate of a multiplier of 1.5 turns out to be very close to the numbers most researchers have found in the aftermath of the disastrous turn to austerity."1	"Oh, and the model also said positive things about fiscal policy — actually, a multiplier of one even with full Ricardian equivalence, although I bobbled that in the original paper, because I didn't use the model carefully enough."1	"On economics, that is."1	"On other issues — well, who was worse, Mussolini or Torquemada?"1	"On the political side, there was a similar collision."1	"On top of that, a slump drives interest rates down, increasing the demand for real assets perceived as safe — like gold — which is why gold prices rose after the 2008 crisis."1	Once again: a useful starting point is the problem of people with pre-existing conditions.1	"One is that if your party's central mission is to comfort the comfortable and afflict the afflicted, you need to claim that all kinds of wonderful side effects will take place from what might otherwise look like a combination of greed and cruelty."1	"One way to do this may be to do what one recent IMF study did: focus only on large real exchange rate changes, estimate elasticities for lots of countries, and pool the results."1	"Only after this was pointed out did they turn to declaring that the standard analysis was all wrong, and that Keynesians like Christina and David Romer are really just neoclassical types."1	Or maybe I should say that there is no alternative to the right.1	Paul Samuelson once declared this the prime example of an economic insight that is true without being obvious – and to this day you get furious attempts to refute the concept.1	"People should know what's in the textbook; above all, they should buy my book!"1	"Protection in the 1930s was a result, not a cause, of the depression; the early postwar years, when tariffs were still high and exchange controls were pervasive, were marked by very full employment in many countries."1	"Protectionism makes economies less efficient, but it does not, in general, destroy jobs."1	"Protectionism reduces world exports, but it also reduces world imports, so that the effect on overall demand is a wash; textbook economic models just don't say what conventional wisdom is asserting here."2	Put a tariff on imports and people will spend less on imports — but they will normally spend more on other things instead.1	Remember the long fight against the doctrine of expansionary austerity and the mythical cliff at 90 percent debt?1	Remember when Robert Lucas accused Christy Romer of corruptly producing “schlock economics” to justify government spending?1	"Right-wingers insisted — Friedman taught them to insist — that government intervention was always bad, always made things worse."1	Sad!1	"Second, my sense is that at least some analyses aren't taking sufficient account of cyclical factors."1	"Should we, as some argue, multiply this by two or more to reflect dynamic gains?"2	"So a worldwide turn toward protectionism would both reduce everyone's exports and reduce their imports, with the overall effect on spending and hence on employment more or less a wash."1	"So Britain, don't do this."1	"So comparative advantage has, for generations, been considered one of the crown jewels of economic analysis."2	"So no, Ryan isn't going to roll out a magical solution to this problem in the next couple of months."1	"So non-discrimination must be combined with an individual mandate, the requirement that everyone get insurance."1	"So on economics, again, Trump is ignorant and unpredictable — but Cruz knows what isn't so, and would lead us to predictably dire results."1	"So Sanders and Clinton are arguing about soda taxes — Clinton for, as a way to raise money for good stuff while discouraging self-destructive behavior, Sanders against, because regressive."1	So Trumpsandersism shouldn't matter here.2	So unless Britain can negotiate something that looks like Norway's deal – which would basically mean accepting EU policies in which it would no longer have a voice – we might expect Brexit to reduce the share of trade in British GDP from about 30 percent to about 25 percent.1	"So we have the most likely non-Trump GOP nominee calling for a gold standard, and the chairman of Ways and Means demanding that the Fed abandon its concerns about unemployment and focus only on controlling the never-materializing threat of inflation."1	So what's this all about?1	"Some of the best work I've ever done, I still believe, is my late-1990s analysis of the liquidity trap, inspired by the troubles of Japan."2	"Sometimes a policy does kill two or more birds with one stone — there's a very good case that infrastructure investment under current conditions, with interest rates very low and economies still under capacity, would create jobs now, enhance long-run growth, and even improve fiscal prospects."1	"Sorry, that's just not a claim justified by either theory or history."1	"Still, you could argue that oil is in fact driving those expectations, whether it should or not."1	Surely if you stuffed money into the system it would have to go somewhere.1	"Surely not — no saint, me."1	"Thank you, Boris Johnson."1	"That consideration in itself should have flashed warning signs about, to take one important example, the embrace by Very Serious People of the doctrine of expansionary austerity — it was all too obvious that the austerians wanted a reason to cut government spending, and they should have been extremely wary of studies purporting to say that doing so would actually create jobs in a depressed economy."1	"That is, it was saying that the liquidity trap was real."1	"That said, the Veg-O-Matic temptation exists for everyone."1	"That said, there are reasons Econ 101 may not be right here."1	That was definitely not what I was looking for at the time.1	"The answer, in principle, is that it depends on the complexity of the required response."1	"The case for Brexit is, basically, that EU membership ties Britain to a very badly run institution."2	"The Democratic primary is essentially over, although the Sanders campaign is still fundraising off naive supporters by claiming that it has a real shot."1	"The Democrats are a coalition in which the wonks have a fair bit of autonomy, and at least believe that they have a professional ethos to uphold."1	"The difference is that in the late 1940s this kind of argument was deployed in support of more government intervention — keep those exchange controls in place, because devaluation won't work — whereas now it's being deployed as an argument against activism — never mind the euro, it's all rigidities that must be cured with structural reform."1	The example I think of most is in my original home field of international trade.1	The fact that they instead seized on those studies was a very bad sign.1	"The history, for those who weren't paying attention, is that Friedman produced huge numbers that were hard to understand on both the demand and the supply side."1	"The more I thought about it, the more sense the result made."1	"The point is that just because Econ 101 makes a smart, counterintuitive point doesn't make that point of central importance, here or elsewhere."1	"The point is that the monetarist idea no longer serves any useful purpose, intellectually or politically."1	"The problem with gold is, first of all, that it removes flexibility."1	The reasons we aren't doing those are political.1	"The result is to diminish the noise, both by eliminating small fluctuations that may be statistical illusions and by exploiting the power of large numbers."1	"The thing is, the origin of that work was an attempt on my part to prove something I believed at the time — namely, that Japanese monetary authorities were just falling down on the job, that they could end deflation if they would just try harder."1	"The way to think about this, I'd say, is that it's the economics nerd equivalent of Susan Sarandon dismissing Hillary Clinton as “the best Republican out there.” Anyone who tells you that you can't get everything you want, in economics or politics, is just evil and useless."1	"There are a number of estimates of the economic impact of Brexit out there, from HM Treasury and independent analysts, but I like to have a quick-and-dirty calculation I understand; it's not out of line with other, more detailed results."1	There is no home for the kind of return to realism they were seeking.1	"There is some evidence that consumers aren't hyper rational when it comes to conservation, that they may pass up conservation opportunities even when it would save them money — and in that case rule rather than prices may be the right way to make them change."1	"There must be subsidies to lower-income families, so that they can."1	"There was a huge division between Keynesians and anti-Keynesians, in which people like the Romers faced a torrent of abuse from the right."1	"There's a kind of bait and switch, in which people invoke Ricardo and the gains from trade to say “free trade good”, then tell scare stories about how protectionism would destroy millions of jobs and cause a global depression, which doesn't make much sense – and in any case has nothing to do with the classical analysis of the gains from trade."1	"There's also the reverse version, in which a policy you dislike does everything bad — It's inflationary!"1	"There's nothing arbitrary about it, and you can't pick and choose from the elements: it's a three-legged stool that needs all three legs to stand."1	"Third, there are lots of other factors, so you have to avoid picking and choosing your stories too much."1	"This was the belief that trade flows barely respond to price signals, and hence that devaluations don't help alleviate imbalances."1	Those are important virtues — important *progressive* virtues — that seem woefully absent on the other side of the primary.1	"To repeat the key points of my argument: On the intellectual side, the “neoclassical synthesis” — of which Friedman-style monetarism was essentially part, despite his occasional efforts to make it seem completely different — was inherently an awkward construct."1	"Today's column offers an opportunity to say, for the record, why I haven't been the Bernie booster a lot of people apparently expected me to be."2	"True socialized medicine — an American NHS — would be feasible economically; so would single-payer, in the form of Medicare for all."1	We can sum up their fate in two words: Marco Rubio.1	We'll see.1	"What about income distribution, which is a big issue in many trade agreements?"1	"What about the reformicons, who pushed for neo-monetarism?"1	What is the case against elasticity pessimism?1	What Matt does is question whether correlation is causation.1	"What you end up with, then, is community rating + individual mandate + subsidies — that is, with Obamacare."1	"What you see, on this as on multiple issues, is the casual adoption, with no visible effort to check the premises, of a story line that sounds good."1	What's that worth?1	"When you see Sanders supporters going over the top about “corporate whores” and such, you're not seeing a mysterious intrusion of bad behavior into an idealistic movement; you're seeing the intolerance that was always just under the surface of the movement, right from the start."1	"When you see Veg-O-Matic claims, you should always be suspicious."1	"Which brings us to Cruz, who is enthusiastic about the gold standard — which did play a major role in spreading the Depression."1	Why tout the dynamic effects of trade as opposed to lots of other things?1	"Why, then, focus on such a weak argument against a truly despicable candidate?"1	Why?1	"Will this attitude persist as we enter an election in which the choice is between Clinton and Trump or Cruz, between Romer-type economics and Ayn Randism?"1	"Worse, relying on gold can easily have the effect of forcing a tightening of monetary policy at precisely the wrong moment."1	"Yes, comprehensive carbon pricing would be best, but it's not the sine qua non of effective action."1	"Yes, I know there's a Moody's study claiming that Trumponomics would be a yuuge job destroyer, but I really don't know where they got that result; the best guess seems to be that they're assuming that former spending on imports just goes away, which is not a good assumption."1	"Yes, protectionism reduces world income."1	"Yes, we see some of it in the populist uprising within the Democratic party, where anyone questioning the happy talk can be dismissed as a corrupt tool of the corporations."1	You can prohibit insurers from discriminating on the basis of medical history — community rating.1	"You might say that the way to go about research is to approach issues with a pure heart and mind: seek the truth, and derive any policy conclusions afterwards."1	You sometimes hear people saying that the attitudes and character of the pro-Brexit forces are not a valid argument for staying in.2	"You would pay a fairly large economic price, and in return you would get governance so bad that it would make the EU look good."1	You'd have to have very good reasons to leave the EU to be willing to make that big a sacrifice.1	"You've finally given me the moral courage to weigh in on a subject I've been avoiding: Brexit, Britain's possible exit from the European Union."1	"_ Betting markets showed that Remain was favored, and again, there’s plenty of evidence that betting markets are a fairly reliable predictor of election results."1	"_ Finally, the late polls really did break toward Remain, especially after the British Labour Party member Jo Cox was killed on June 16."1	"_ Most surveys showed that voters thought that Remain would win, and there is a fairly sizable body of evidence that this type of question — about who will win rather than who someone will vote for — does a pretty good job of predicting electoral outcomes."1	"_ Polls in Britain had some poor results in the last few years, including in the Scottish referendum and recent parliamentary elections."2	… So U.S. total production is now falling - by later this year probably by more than a million barrels a day from the 9.7 million peak month of April 2015.2	… the era of oil shocks is far from over.2	"…said Monday he could 'easily' see the U.S. central bank raising rates two to three times this year, possibly as soon as June."2	"…they warnted in a separate report that a synchronised slowdown in the biggest emerging markets could be intensified by a fresh bout of financial turmoil, tipping the world economy into recession."1	"And yet, having said all that, and knowing them a bit, it’s hard to imagine they mean any harm, Ms. Johnson wrote of the Goves."1	"At the end of the day, we’re British, said the 56-year-old Mr. Wright, who voted against independence in 2014 and in favor of remaining in the EU on Thursday."1	"But it has something of the whiff of people desperate to go for whoever has the ability to keep the lifeboat afloat, even though no one knows where it’s going."2	"By then the embargo may well be gone. For the past half-century, Cuba’s leaders have used the American siege of their island to justify one-party rule and a police state. That will no longer wash."1	"Close friends are refusing invitations to my kitchen suppers, she wrote."2	"Congress must act to fully lift the trade and travel embargoes, which they are almost certain not to do before Mr. Obama leaves office."1	"David Cameron was not supposed to go, she complained, referring to the prime minister’s decision to step down after losing the referendum, when she would have preferred that he stay."1	"For Europe, soft and hard power go hand in hand, she wrote."1	"For example, in Cuba, there weren’t many vegetarian people; we didn’t know anything about that."1	He got the maximum he could receive and we gave the maximum we could give.1	I felt the agony of what the business of politics had done to the people at the heart of all of this: how old friends had been wrenched apart in the most brutal of ways.1	"I have never evaded tax and have always declared all of my income, she said in the post."1	I like them.1	"I prefer people with no experience, said Niuris Ysabel Higueras Martínez, 41, an owner of Atelier, which sprawls through several art-filled rooms and the rooftop of a mansion in the Vedado neighborhood."1	I prefer teaching my own service.1	"If I want to buy a kilo of coffee, I need to go to two, three, six stores all around Cuba sometimes, said Renan Cesar Alvarez, 74, an owner of La Cocina de Esteban, a brightly lit restaurant serving Italian, Spanish and Cuban cuisine a few blocks from the University of Havana."2	"If the trade embargo is lifted anytime soon, however, Cuba is unlikely to be ready. "1	In a democracy it’s very important that they’re held to account for that.1	"In Cuba, there wasn’t a culinary culture, and so now we are learning about the first dish, the main course, about the wine that comes with the food, Ms. Torralbas said."2	"In time, the Obama administration policies on Cuba might make China less attractive as an investor in Latin America…."1	"It’s a complete shift in consumer culture, Ms. Tondre said."1	It’s just the way I’ve been brought up.1	"It’s the same with sugar, rice, the drinks, everything."1	"It’s too much change going on at once, he said."1	Now the ones that take the big tour groups are always booked.1	People will have to learn to plan ahead.1	"Some of these restaurants have been around for 25 years, and there’s never been a way to rate them before."1	"The atmosphere in Britain has become so politically toxic that people took a step back and were horrified, said Mallaby."2	"The Democratic candidates pay less attention to Latin America, but they, too, might damage Mr. Obama’s legacy…. As Mr. Obama’s former secretary of state, she is the candidate likeliest to continue what he started. But Mr. Obama’s trip to Havana may be the last big American overture to its neighbours for some time."1	"The Labour party should be doing this right now and isn’t because of the issues we have in the party, he said."1	"There is a sense that overplaying people’s fear of migration is something which the exit side – [people] who want to leave the EU – may dial back on, he noted."1	"They [Brexiters] made very clear, often overblown claims to the electorate, Umunna said."1	They arrive and say: ‘What?1	"They live in the same area of West London, they all socialize together, they were at one another’s weddings, and they are godparents to one another’s children."1	"Until six months ago, I was able to show up with two people and eat somewhere that’s considered one of the fancier restaurants in Havanawith no problem, said Imogene Tondre, 34, an American-born cultural coordinator who has lived in the city for six years and is married to a Cuban."1	"We have concluded a deal with the prime minister, Mr. Juncker said in Brussels, referring to the February agreement."1	"We will make sure that everything they said will happen is put to them on a regular basis, he said."1	"We’re a spontaneous country, but the people will just have to get used to it, said Delia Coto, 48, a Havana theater director having lunch at Otramanera."1	"You really get the impression that the government is being run by a clique at public school, said the novelist and political commentator Robert Harris."1	"You’re seeing a closing of the ranks behind a candidate the Conservatives think they can support, Peter Paul Catterall, who teaches history at the University of Westminster, said of Ms. May."1	(Do try to keep up.)1	"(Entrepreneurs with dreams of food empires get around those laws by exploiting loopholes and shuffling deeds among siblings, parents and children.)"1	"(Mr. Cameron and his wife, Samantha, are reportedly no longer speaking to the Goves.)"1	(The average Cuban’s monthly earnings total about $25.)2	"A leave vote will have some clearly identifiable repercussions. For one, it would prompt Britain to renegotiate its relationship with the EU, said Gomes. He added that it is unlikely that David Cameron will continue as prime minister or George Osborne would continue as the chancellor of the exchequer."2	"A leave vote would be good for the U.K., according to Gomes. He said a sharp depreciation in the value of the pound could boost its competitiveness and could do wonders for economic growth."2	A 6.5% average growth rate without creating a bubble is eminently achievable if China makes its economy more efficient.1	A coalition of MPs and others have launched a campaign to hold pro-Brexit politicians to account for promises made during the referendum campaign.1	"A frenzy of recent polls has ping-ponged a tiny lead between the Remain and Leave camps—two points here, three points there, a point here."2	"A further slowdown in major emerging markets would reduce trading partner growth and global commodity demand,"1	A further unraveling would undermine global growth prospects already clouded by aging populations and miserable productivity.2	A modest pickup in global growth would also prevent a further slump.2	"A new bankruptcy law, by bringing down the time needed to foreclose on loans, ought to encourage investors to buy NPLS from banks."2	"A Remain vote would, in most respects, be a return to the status quo: Britain, one of the strongest European economies, would be unburdened by uncertainty about its long-term future. Prime Minister David Cameron would carry on for a term that lasts four more years. Financial markets would return to focusing on the pace of interest-rate rises in the U.S., growth in China and the price of oil. With investors now holding lots of cash, it could just be the dose of confidence needed to lift U.S. stocks."1	A restaurateur wishing to expand to a second location runs smack into restrictions on property ownership that limit an individual to one site in Havana and another elsewhere in Cuba.2	"A rise in U.S. rig counts could be the trigger for a fall, indicating that U.S. production is ramping up again."1	A sustained appreciation of the dollar curbs demand for U.S. exports by making products and services more expensive to sell abroad.2	A trade pact between the blocks would make shopping cheaper for 750m consumers.2	"A vote to leave is expected to sour investor and consumer confidence, incite market uncertainty and spoil spending appetites in Europe, maiming the region’s already anemic growth"1	"ABERDEENSHIRE, Scotland—Reeling from Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, politicians here are already suggesting another attempt at breaking away from the rest of the U.K."2	"Accession could occur in 2020, less than three and a half years after the UK's referendum on EU membership."2	According to a new analysis by the Treasury the recession – defined as at least two consecutive quarters of negative growth – would last for a year and leave the level of UK GDP 3.6 per cent lower in two years' time than otherwise if Britons vote to leave the 28-member bloc on 23 June.2	"Accordingly, it cannot be precluded that the economic damage of a Brexit could be around 10 percent of GDP or even higher in the long run."1	"Again, it all seemed personal, parochial and petty, playing out in the news media as Jacobean revenge tragedy or drawing-room farce, take your pick."2	"Against the backdrop of politics, the epicenter of the market reaction on Friday will be the pound, which analysts forecast would fall sharply against the dollar."1	"All political entities, including democratic ones, have principles that they consider nonnegotiable."2	"All this would scare investors and consumers. Uncertainty could tip Britain into a recession. Contrary to the Leave camp’s propaganda, we’d have less money for vital services such as the NHS, not more."1	"All three candidates left in the race have vowed to carry out the result of last month’s referendum to leave the EU and to cut immigration, but they differ in approach and on the timing for triggering Article 50, the mechanism within the EU treaty that formally begins the U.K.’s exit from the bloc."2	"Along with less, strong oil demand from China and India are also expected to soak up the some of the oversupply."2	"Although momentum of the recovery weakend in April from March, we still expect sequential growth in the second and third quarters to be stronger than in the first quarter."1	"Although the Brexit referendum was a highly imperfect form of democratic representation, the emotions voiced by Leave voters were very real."1	"Although the nation-state seems universal and natural, there have been many other forms of government in Europe alone: the Hapsburg monarchy, Italian city-states, the Holy Roman Empire, and the Hanseatic League, for example, have all come and gone."2	"Although we expect more modest stock accumulation in the remainder of the year, we believe that market sentiment has moved ahead of fundamentals, and retain our view that a renewed dip in the oil price is likely before a more sustained recovery takes hold."1	"Although, to be fair, she also went to Oxford."1	American officials have praised Germany for agreeing to position a battalion in Lithuania as part of the new NATO force in Eastern Europe.1	An alternative would be the one that Switzerland and the EU have struck.2	"An exit vote would also toss British politics into near-immediate mayhem. Mr. Cameron has campaigned against an exit for months, and while he says he will stay on if his country chooses one, many analysts say his position would be untenable."2	An increase in supply and weakening demand growth will ensure there is an overabundance of oil until late 2016 at the earliest.2	"An unexpected drop in supply or rise in demand could create a floor for prices, ease the glut and eventually lead to a slow recovery."1	Analysts estimated as much as $1 trillion streamed out of China in 2015.2	Analysts said the Group of Seven largest industrialized economies would likely be forced to issue a statement saying they were monitoring global currency volatility and were prepared to act against destabilizing volatility.1	"And at times, the European Union has allowed countries to place transitional controls on immigration."1	And even the restaurants that are geared more toward the Cuban population are often very full.1	And even those Cubanss who can afford a restaurant meal are quickly learning that there’s no guarantee they can book a table days or even weeks in advance in several of the most popular restaurants.1	"And it pushes commodity prices down, weighing again on the U.S.’s energy and metals sector."1	"And no part of its financial system is more vulnerable than the yuan, already the subject of a precarious central-bank high-wire act."1	And people are starting to recognize the power they have.1	And studies show that immigrants pay far more in taxes than they take out in benefits.2	And the price of oil will not stop falling until the glut shrinks.1	"And though restaurateurs have freer rein than at any time since the 1950s, they still have to grapple with the byzantine, sometimes nonsensical rules that come with owning a private enterprise in a communist country."1	And yet the emotions and cultural chasms brought to bear in the Brexit vote cannot and should not be ignored.1	"And, as some have argued, the British government didn’t have to wait for the European Union to do more to deal with any negative impacts of immigration."1	Another vote would add too much to the uncertainty already created by the decision by Britain to leave the EU.1	"Antonio Diaz, a University of Havana economics professor, estimated that several hundred viable restaurants have sprouted since 2011, when the government loosened crippling restrictions on privately owned restaurants, or paladares."2	"Any worsening of the row could seriously undermine intra-regional economic ties, and potentially interrupt global trade flows and simultaneously depress global economic sentiment more broadly."1	"Appearing to be an actual grown-up, in contrast to the squabbling, backstabbing men now in power, has helped position Ms. May as a welcome antidote to the current disarray."1	"As a case in point, the recent British referendum over the United Kingdom’s membership in the EU was areckless gamble that took a very real issue—the need for more open and legitimate contestation in the EU—and turned it into a political grotesquerie of shamelessly opportunistic political elites."1	"As British citizens cast their votes tomorrow in a referendum on whether the U.K. should remain in the European Union or leave it, uncertainty runs high over the economic and political repercussions, whichever way the result goes."1	"As he smoked a cigarette outside O’Neill’s pub in Aberdeen, the 24-year-old financial adviser said he wouldn’t back independence in a second referendum."1	"As late as 7 p.m. Eastern in the United States, less than five hours before the results became clear, betting markets gave Remain a 96 percent chance to win the election, but it wound up losing by four percentage points."2	"As oil collapses against the backdrop of a fragile world economy, it could trigger defaults."2	"As storage space on land becomes scarce, it may become profitable to stockpile excess crude on tankers at sea to accommodate the oil glut."1	"As the EU leaders reiterated on Wednesday, after their first meeting that excluded the U.K. from their conversations, access to the EU market requires acceptance of all four EU freedoms — including freedom of movement."2	"Assuming that the U.S. oil rig count stays at its current level, U.S. oil production would decline by 750,000 barrels a day between fourth-quarter of 2015 and fourth-quarter of 2016"1	"At first glance, the problem wouldn’t seem to be a shortage of places to eat."1	"At Otramanera, servers are educated about the menu, wines and the startling fact that some foreigners abstain from meat."1	"At the same time, it makes imports cheaper for U.S. consumers, containing inflation and restraining wage growth."1	"At the same time, restaurateurs strive to meet Western-level expectations."1	"Bad loans still burden the financial sector, thereby smothering investment, and the average unemployment rate tops 10%."1	"Because the U.K. has been an EU member, U.K.-based companies have the right to run a pan-EU business in London without interference."1	"BEIJING—A few days before Britons voted to leave the European Union, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang visited the central bank’s monetary-policy department to make a simple point: The yuan must be kept stable."1	Beijing’s tougher task is how to continue its strategy of letting some air out of the yuan without triggering cash outflows and market instability.1	"Betting markets, bookies and traders still lean toward Remain."2	Between a quarter and half a million refugees and their dependants could come to the UK from 2020 onwards after acquiring EU citizenship.2	"Beyond oil markets, the prices for commodities are expected to be weighed down by a plentiful supply of food and metals amid slowing demand in emerging market economies."2	"BMI Research expects China’s gasoline consumption will grow 6% from a year earlier in 2016, underpinned by robust growth in car ownership."1	"Bond yields in Greece, Italy, Spain and Portugal have risen, reviving fears of the doom loop whereby undercapitalised banks prop up over-indebted governments by buying their bonds in a circle of insolvency."2	Boris Johnson would probably replace David Cameron as prime minister. The EU would not make our exit easy as its priority would be to keep its club together.1	Both Mr. Gove and Mr. Johnson were presidents of the Oxford Union.1	Both Mr. Johnson and Mr. Gove were journalists before they became politicians; Mr. Johnson still writes a weekly column for The Daily Telegraph.1	Brexit advocates have long chafed at the EU’s interference in British affairs.2	Brexit could trigger the break-up of the UK (with Scotland making another bid for independence) as well as the EU’s break-up. Britain would be blamed for decades. Instability in our backyard would threaten our security.1	Brexit would be the starkest repudiation yet of the postwar consensus favoring ever-deeper global integration.1	Brexit’s real lesson is that there is a consequential divide between cosmopolitans who view the future with hope and those who have been left behind and have seen their economic situations and ways of life deteriorate.1	"Britain, in part because its economy has been performing strongly, has attracted higher levels of immigration in recent years."1	Britain’s decision to leave the European Union on Thursday was a big surprise.2	"Britain’s exit is expected to jolt the U.S. economy, likely rattling restive equity markets and driving up the value of the dollar."1	British defense and military officials made a flurry of calls after the vote to assure European officials that the U.K. wouldn’t back off its security obligations—including serving as NATO’s rapid-reaction force and providing a battle group to defend Eastern Europe.1	British firms grouse about EU meddling in their markets but benefit when that meddling knocks down barriers on the continent.1	"British politics, already in tremendous turmoil, would face an uncertain future, as would the lawmakers who will be up for re-election."2	But a big part of the new demand is likely to be met by Saudi Arabia and other Gulf countries. 2	But a chain of defaults could lead to a pullback in lending that could crimp China’s economic output.2	"But as skittish investors pull out of U.K. and European markets and pour into the safety of U.S. assets, a falling pound and euro could cause the dollar to surge, further suppressing demand for American exports."1	"But by the time Election Day comes around, the polls aren’t so bad that they can be dismissed out of hand."1	"But demand is also growing exponentially, thanks to a flood of international tourists — 3.52 million in 2015, among them 161,000 from the United States, or nearly double the number of Americans in 2014, according to Reuters."1	"But he argued that with the next government likely to be dominated by Brexit proponents regardless of who wins the Tory leadership contest, a broader approach was needed."2	"But if this is just a first step toward raising much higher walls between the major powers of Europe — if countries like France, Spain, Italy and even Germany retreat inward and build distrust that rips at that order? It will make Lehman seem like a historical asterisk."2	"But in the long run, cheap fossil fuels reduce the incentive to act on climate change."2	But interviews with dozens of global investors suggest last week’s volatile market action could offer a taste of what could come in the short term if Britain votes to leave—a 5% to 10% drop in global stock markets and steep losses for the pound.1	But it is only 0.34% weaker than where the yuan ended in Friday trading as the dollar surged.1	"But it was clearly a distinct possibility that Brexit would win, based on the available survey data."1	But it was used to discount the polls.2	"But over the long term, demand for fuels is recovering in some countries, and that could help crude prices recover in the next year or two."1	"But that cafeteria approach, allowing the U.K. to pick and choose the ingredients of a new relationship, is off the table."1	But that did not seem to bother Ms. Vine.1	But that is the whole point: sterling can act as our shock absorber.1	"But that wasn’t a wide enough margin to prevent the Leave camp sweeping most of more-populous England and Wales, and winning overall."1	"But that would be akin to overruling the will of 17.4 million Britons who voted to leave, an extreme step in a country that prides itself on democratic values."2	"But the 13th Five-Year Plan offers few bold steps on these fronts, so achieving 6.5% growth will probably require further expanding investment and debt."1	But the Brexit story also speaks to the uniqueness of the EU as a new kind of polity with a profound impact on the lives of all within it.1	"But the late gains were enough to make Remain a fairly clear favorite in the minds of many — after all, Remain was favored even when it trailed in the polls."1	"But the race still has two months to run, and other lawmakers and party members believe the next prime minister should be a candidate who backed Britain’s exit from the bloc, such as Ms. Leadsom or Mr. Gove, who came in third place on Tuesday with 48 votes."1	But the referendum should also be viewed in terms of a much longer history of political development and state building.1	But the underlying problems of southern Europe remain unresolved.1	But this one was a bit different: It was not a cataclysmic polling failure.1	But we can be appalled by the craven opportunism and lack of political leadership in the United Kingdom and on the European continent in guiding this development.1	"By law, for example, restaurants are limited to 50 seats or fewer."1	"By opposing Mr. Cameron over Brexit, Mr. Gove, the government’s justice secretary, betrayed not just his boss and the leader of the Conservative Party, but also an old friend."2	Capital Economics forecasts 1% growth2	China is now entering the phase where economic growth has to come mainly from squeezing efficiency out of the assets you've already installed. That is always a tough transition and we should expect it to be rocky.  1	China is on the receiving end of global market turbulence triggered by the Brexit shock.1	China recently tightened controls on companies and individuals trying to move money out.2	China’s crude production fell 5.6% in April and a further decrease is expected.1	"China’s lines of defense include restrictions on money flowing in and out of the country, a large, albeit dwindling, stockpile of dollar reserves that can be used to prop up the Chinese currency and otherwise buttress the financial system, a relatively low level of foreign debt and room for further easing to bolster growth."1	Citizens of one European Union country can move to and work in any other country of the union.2	"Collapsing revenues could bring political stability to fragile parts of the world, such as Venezuela and the Gulf, and fuel rivalries in the Middle East."1	Conservative lawmakers will eliminate one of the three remaining candidates Thursday.1	Continue reading the main story2	"Continued output growth from OPEC countries, including Iran, Iraq and, significantly, Libya—where we expect some sort of political compromise to emerge, enabling a resumption of oil production—will lead supply to exceed demand again in 2019-20, especially since a forecast recession in the US in 2019 will restrict consumption growth."1	"Cosmopolitanism, a sense of belonging to a global community beyond one’s immediate borders, requires confidence in one’s place in the world and implies a hope about the future beyond the nation-state."1	Cox was a pro-EU advocate.2	"Credit is growing at almost four times the rate of nominal GDP. The longer this trend lasts, the greater the chance that China will experience the much-discussed hard landing. We believe that the risk of China experiencing such an event in 2016-2020 is around 40%. It cannot go much higher without becoming our central forecast."1	Critics say global integration enriches elites at the expense of the average worker.1	Current and former U.S. officials have been urging both more defense spending by Germany and for Berlin to take a more forthright role in military operations.1	"Currently, around half the immigrants are from the European Union, roughly half of those from eastern European countries like Poland and Romania."2	Daiwa has lowered its growth prediction to a mere 0.4% for this year.2	"Despite accelerating to about 1.4m b/d in the first quarter this year, an upward revision of 130,000 b/d from last month, demand growth is expected to slip over the remaining months of 2015.    "1	Did the European Union break itself?1	"Doug Irwin, a trade historian at Dartmouth College, says if two million American workers lose $15,000 in annual income forever—an extreme estimate of the impact of trade with China—while 320 million American consumers gain just $100 from trade, the benefits to all of society still exceed the costs."1	"Each carries significant risks and downsides, both for Europe and for Britain itself — but, then again, so does leaving."1	"Earlier, ex-London Mayor Boris Johnson said he was backing Ms. Leadsom, who offers the zap, the drive and the determination essential for the next leader of this country. Mr. Johnson last week decided not to run after Mr. Gove, who had been chairing his bid, said he had lost confidence in Mr. Johnson and was himself going to runfor the top job."1	"Early Monday, the PBOC set the yuan’s official rate—known as the fix— at 6.6375 to the dollar, a 0.91% drop from Friday’s fix and the biggest drop since August’s devaluation."1	Email ftsales.support@ft.com to buy additional rights.2	Europe is unlikely to see a repeat of its relatively strong oil-demand growth in 2015.1	Europe’s leaders see things very differently.2	"Even if party leaders wanted to succeed in their stated desire for a peaceful rise and to remain within international law, the way they have shaped the spirit of their country would not necessarily let them."1	"Even Ms. Sturgeon, Scotland’s first minister, who leads the independence-minded Scottish National Party, framed a fresh independence vote as one of many possibilities."2	"Every indication we have is that the June 2 OPEC summit in Vienna will leave the status quo in place, with Iran still ramping production higher, Saudi Arabia determined to continue competing for market share, and OPEC as a whole left without even a nominal overall production target."1	"Federica Mogherini, the EU’s foreign-policy chief who supports abroader military role for the bloc, on Sunday finished a new security strategy calling for more defense spending by Europe."1	ferenda are terrible mechanisms of democracy.1	"Financial markets didn’t anticipate Brexit, resulting in a decisive correction in equity and currency markets that usually would have already been priced into trading."1	"For average Cubans, the notion of rating or even reserving tables remains hypothetical, as the new CUC-based restaurants are simply unaffordable for nearly everyone."1	"For instance, an EU citizen seeking residency in Switzerland must have a valid employment contract."2	"For markets, a Brexit vote could signal that current monetary policies are failing and near exhaustion and that investors everywhere should prepare for a series of inward-looking governments more willing to take protectionist measures that would restrict international flows of trade and finance. That would likely have a debilitating effect across economies and markets."2	"For the energy companies that have been punished by the price collapse, a recovery at this level is likely not enough to spur new investment, and there are signs that many big companies will continue cutting back into 2017."1	"For the European Union, free movement of people and workers is one."1	"For them, eating out means a visit to a CUP-based state cafeteria or a tiny takeout place — often someone’s kitchen window — where croquette sandwiches or doughy pizzas cost about 12 local pesos, or 48 cents."2	"Forecasting the oil price is a mug's game (as the newspaper that once speculated about $5 oil we speak from experience), but few expect it to start rising before 2017."1	Foreign Affairs1	"Foreign investors have limited access to stocks traded in the mainland, while Chinese individuals’ abilities to buy foreign stocks are also tightly controlled."1	Foreign-exchange providers and money-transfer shops are limiting transactions—or even suspending them—around the time the referendum results come out.1	"Former Defense Secretary Liam Fox threw his support behind Ms. May shortly after he gained the least votes of the five candidates and was eliminated from the race, while Stephen Crabb, work and pensions minister, said he was dropping out of the race to support her as well."1	"Freed from the bureaucracy, Britain can become Europe’s centre for innovation, knowledge-based industries and entrepreneurship."1	"From 1970 till 1999, there was an average annual inflow of 243,000 long-term immigrants, according to British government statistics."1	"Gasoline futures are recently trading down 5.6% at $1.4281 a gallon on the New York Mercantile Exchange, while diesel futures are down 4.3% at $1.4464 a gallon."1	"Given history’s guide, we should not be surprised that the deepening of the EU has created a backlash."2	"Given the higher lending rate and record credit, Nomura estimates that interest expenses carried by Chinese companies, households and local governments could rise this year to 7.7 trillion yuan."1	"Given this harsh reality for the unemployed, the older, and the uneducated, the Remain campaign’s warnings about the economic disaster of Brexit carried little weight; many voters believed that their opportunities were closed off long ago."2	Goldman upped its forecast for US West Texas Intermediate crude to an average of $45 a barrel in the second quarter of 2016 from an earlier estimate of $35.1	"Gordon Brown, a former British prime minister, on Wednesday suggested some ways to alleviate the disruption that can come with migration and globalization."1	"HAVANA — Cubans sometimes joke that of all the lessons living under three generations of communism has taught them, by far the most important is learning how to wait."1	He said it was not just on behalf of the 48% of people who voted to remain in the EU.2	"He said that prices were likely to recover somewhat in the second half of the year, toward $45 to $50 a barrel."1	"He said: Whether you voted in or out, we all have a shared interest in making sure the commitments made by Vote Leave are adhered to."1	"Her brother-in-law, Peter De Putron, who ran an offshore hedge fund in Guernsey, donated £70,000 to her political campaign over a two-year period to cover the cost of a project manager and various printing costs, Ms. Leadsom wrote in a blog post in 2015 in response to claims in the press of her benefiting from offshore financial centers."1	Here we go again.2	"Here’s what would happen: Exit, partial or full, would likely be precipitated by disorderly sovereign defaults in the fiscally weak and uncompetitive member states, whose currencies would weaken dramatically and whose banks would fail, Mr. Buiter wrote at the time. If Spain and Italy were to exit, there would be a collapse of systemically important financial institutions throughout the European Union and North America and years of global depression."1	High quality global journalism requires investment.1	His pledge to return to the negotiating table marked a last-ditch effort to assuageconcerns over immigration that have helped fuel anti-EU sentiment and put the outcome of the referendum on a knife edge.1	"Historically, new political authorities have emerged and evolved in messy, ugly, and often violent ways."1	History has shown that the development of new political formulations rarely goes smoothly.1	Home Secretary Theresa May established herself as the front-runner in the race to become the next U.K. prime minister by convincingly winning a first round of voting for a new Conservative Party chief before the decision heads toward the party rank-and-file.2	Hong Kong looks headed for recession.2	"However, if policy makers decide to sacrifice long-term growth to solve short-term problems, we'll be facing even greater problems."1	https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/united-kingdom/2016-06-28/brexits-false-democracy?cid=nlc-twofa-20160630&sp_mid=51732172&sp_rid=YWxlcm9kNDlnQGdtYWlsLmNvbQS2&spMailingID=51732172&spUserID=MTk4MjU1NTE1NDUzS0&spJobID=960061064&spReportId=OTYwMDYxMDY0S01	I need a reservation from a day before?2	I only see negative economic outcomes1	I think that would be a big concern to the 52% as well.2	"If Brexit forces a material economic slowdown across the Continent, Italy’s banks — without a rescue plan — could significantly suffer."2	"If China could resolve its identity crisis and once again become an attractive civilization rather than just an enviable development model, it would be much better placed to get the respect and influence it craves."2	"If it’s an exit vote, there will be a lot of uncertainty. The value of the pound will probably go down. In 20 years, though, it won’t make that much difference."2	"If oil prices and the dollar remain broadly stable, inflation should move up further over time to our 2% objective."1	"If the next prime minister does trigger the departure process, Britain then has two years to negotiate the terms of its leaving."2	"If the talks propser, the biggest benefit for Mecrosur could be the reviving of its original mission of boosting trade and investment."2	"If the U.K. loses membership in the EU single market, British firms will lose the ability to sell financial services across borders."2	"If there is contagion to the rest of Europe, however, then a U.S. recession becomes more likely"2	"If there is no serious short-term fallout from Brexit, it might energize anti-EU politicians in France and the Netherlands who, like Brexit advocates, have benefited principally from anxiety about immigration rather than economic concerns."1	"If there’s a lesson here, it’s a fairly straightforward one: Don’t get too confident in contests when the polls show a very tight race."2	"If we complete the single market in services… it will create something like 700 to 800,000 new jobs over the coming years."2	"If, for example, China's prices rise faster than America's, and its currency, the yuan does not fall, then China's economy will be worth more, relative to America's, and it will overtake sooner."1	immigration on Britain’s welfare system.1	"In 2002, she lamented that the Conservatives had a reputation as the nasty party among some voters."1	"In 2003, Ms. Leadsom and her husband created a company called Bandal that included three rental properties valued at £1.6 million ($2.1 million) in 2015, according to filings."1	"In 2005, Mr. Cameron came in second place in the first round of voting on the party leadership, but came in first in the second."1	"In 2014, Ms. Leadsom resigned as director; she has been succeeded by her three sons."2	"In a message that will cheer motorists and countries that import oil, it added that warm winter weather in Europe and weaker than expected growth in China and other emerging economies will depress demand and keep the average price at $37 (£26) a barrel, down from a projection of $51 last October."1	"In a sense, the E.U."1	"In an earlier column, Ms. Johnson had already described her distress at her brother’s pro-Brexit stance, an unpopular position in her trendy Notting Hill neighborhood."2	"In fact, the world could yet be laid low by an oil monster on the prowl."1	"In February, it made compromises in a special deal for Britain that, among other things, allowed it to restrict benefits for immigrants from the European Union."1	"In itself, this wasn’t a good reason to discount the possibility of Brexit."2	"In line with these trends, we expect Brent to edge down to an average of US$63/b in 2019 and US$62/b in 2020."2	"In other words, while $60 a barrel is a distinct possibility in coming months, the market is far from its heyday."1	"In part, that fear reflects the opening of markets, but it is equally due to changes in technology and broader shifts in capitalism away from protection of both the middle and the working classes."1	"In recent months, the central bank has sought to make China’s exchange-rate regime more predictable and shift the focus away from how the yuan trades against the dollar to its value against a broader group of 13 currencies."1	"In the case of Mr. Trump, the early skepticism was justified — given that early polls are generally not accurate in primary elections."1	"In the European negotiations I have been involved in you often have preliminary talks before you actually reach the formal position, Ms. May told the Evening Standard."2	"In the light of this, we forecast that Brent will climb to an average of US$56/b in 2017."1	"In the London government-journalistic complex, everyone is connected to everyone else."2	"In the meantime, gradualism will remain the guiding principle, which means the distortions will persist. Expect many day zeroes. "2	"In the services sector alone 400,000 jobs could be at risk."1	"In the two trading days since the vote, the FTSE 100 has fallen 5.6 per cent, while the Italian equity market has shed 16 per cent, Spain 14 per cent and Greece 16 per cent."2	"In the U.S., it will take a sustained $60 to $65 oil price and 12 months of lead time for the industry to deliver a modest level of growth."1	"In the United Kingdom and elsewhere, political choices have accelerated deindustrialization while decimating social safety nets and doing little to put the brakes on rising inequality."1	"In the United States, referendum polls can also often be less accurate than general election surveys."2	"Increased demand will certainly help. But the growing supply glut is what ultimately got us below $30-a-barrel oil, and significant supply cuts are what will ultimately have to dig us out."1	"Indeed, before the referendum, the top U.K. official in the EU was Jonathan Hill, the commissioner for financial services."1	"Indeed, it is rare for any country to deliberately withdraw from a trade pact except to join a better one."1	"Indeed, the areas with the most foreigners voted overwhelmingly for staying in the EU."1	"Indeed, we sometimes say that we must have supper soon, and perhaps we will, when the bleeding bodies of the fallen are removed from the smoking battlefield of this campaign."2	"Inflation will surge as the pound falls, and living standards will subsequently fall"1	"Instead, the locus of pain is peripheral Europe."2	Interest rates and the supply of homes are set to rise.1	International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Largarde called the statement very helpful and very reassuring.2	Investors’ willingness to take on risk could diminish further. What faith they have left in the policies being pursued by monetary authorities may be further undermined.2	"Iran could add as much as 500,000 barrels a day to the global markets."2	Iran’s comeback threatens to increase the oversupply created by US shale drillers and Saudi Arabia’s determination to keep pumping in an attempt to put smaller competitors out of business.1	It also undercuts global demand as borrowing costs rise for countries and firms that have dollar-denominated debt.2	It argued that prices would stabilise below $40 for the rest of the year as high-cost oil producers make production cuts 'that are likely to outweigh any additional capacity coming to the market.'2	It could also weaken U.S. diplomatic leverage in Europe and upend the corporate strategies of U.S. companies based in London.2	"It forecasts a funding gap of $102 billion this year between American oil firms' projected cash flows and their interest payments and capital spending, up from $83 billion in 2015. It said downtowrn could be one of the most severe and prolonged ever. "1	"It increases the size of the market, exposes local firms to more competition and accelerates the dissemination of new ideas via foreign investment and immigration. "1	"It is a customs union with an average tariff wall of 3-4 per cent, a tariff on cars of 10 per cent and an average tariff on agricultural products of 18 per cent."1	It is also bad economics.1	"It is difficult to predict how pro-Brexit voters would respond if their government ignored the referendum’s result, but such a move risks empowering more extreme voices."1	It is not an accident that he had this position.1	"It still has no trade agreement in place with Japan, the US, India, China or Australia."1	"It was written by Sarah Vine, who is married to Michael Gove, a leader of the anti-Europe Brexit campaign, and it appeared soon after Britain shocked itself (and the Goves) by voting to leave the European Union."1	"It will be about freedom to innovate, flexibility, experimentation and networks."1	"It would also risk inflaming the underlying political forces that led to the Leave victory: rising populist anger, distrust of seemingly unaccountable government institutions and a belief that the system is rigged."1	"It’s as if President Obama’s inner circle consisted almost entirely of his friends, neighbors and fellow Harvard graduates."1	It’s easy to see how it fostered a belief in some quarters that immigrants from such countries were pulling down wages and using up public services.1	"It’s just one of many dislocations that restaurateurs and diners are facing as two economic worlds collide in the new, more American-friendly Cuba."1	It’s not clear why the betting markets were so confident.1	Its critics say that it has not been sufficiently responsive — and that this is one of the main reasons Britain voted to leave.1	Its propensity for change is one reason something like a Texit has not happened.2	"James Pethokoukis, a commentator at the American Enterprise Institute, recently found a memorandum written in 2011 during the euro crisis by Willem Buiter, the global chief economist at Citigroup, that imagined the destruction of the European Union. A breakup of the Euro Area would be rather like the movie ‘War of the Roses’ version of a divorce: disruptive, destructive and without any winners, he wrote, describing how even a partial one involving the exit of one or more fiscally and competitively weak countries, would be chaotic."1	"Just as Florida does not bar migration from New York, the Netherlands cannot say no to migration from Spain."1	"Late Friday, China’s central bank issued a brief statement saying it has plans in place to withstand any shock from the Brexit vote."1	Leaders of the Brexit movement have said they want access to the market without allowing free movement of people onto British shores.1	"Leading leave figures including Michael Gove and Iain Duncan Smith have already backtracked on the NHS claim, while the value of sterling has tumbled and there has been turmoil in commercial property and other sectors."2	"Libyan exports could return to the market, with renewed backing from the United Nations to export cargoes from a disputed terminal in the East."1	"Listening to those on both sides of the cultural divide, and working to ease the economic inequality that underlies the division between the hopeful and the excluded, is the only way forward for the EU—and the rest of us"1	"LONDON — It was only a column in The Daily Mail, but in its way, it told you everything you need to know about politics in Britain these days."2	"Long before then, however, there is a decent chance that we will see another country — probably the Netherlands — try to make a run for it."1	Look at the numbers.1	"Looking at the backgrounds of the leading personalities in the Brexit drama, it is hard not to conclude that Britain has been led into crisis in large part by a bunch of old chums who spent the last year holed up in a political hall of mirrors, plotting with and scheming against one another."2	"Looking forward, stabilization in mainland China, faster growth in the U.S., and the Hong Kong government’s increased public spending should provide some relief, said HSBC economist Julia Wang."2	"Low prices for oil and commodities are likely to be with us for some time. While we see some prospect for commodity prices to rise slightly over the next two years, significant downside risks remain."1	"Mallaby last year cofounded the web publication InFacts.org, which seeks to make a facts-based case for Britain to remain in the EU."2	"Mallaby noted that in the event of a leave vote, London would lose its allure as a headquarters location for many businesses. "1	Many Cubans are shocked.2	Many economists predict the vote will send the British economy into recession and cause prolonged economic trouble for the rest of the European Union.1	Many of China’s large state-owned banks in the past several days have cautioned customers about heightened risks in trading of currencies and gold as a result of market mayhem following the U.K.’s vote.2	Many traders expect the central bank to more aggressively intervene in the currency market to support the yuan if it weakens past 6.7 against the dollar.1	Margaret Thatcher became prime minister in 1979 and began loosening the state’s grip on the economy.2	Market forces will also ensure that other members of OPEC will start increasing production rather than sticking to their quotas.2	"Markets will react badly to evidence of populism because lenders and investors, the people who run institutional money, will worry they have misread the extent of frustrations and hardships of many people and underestimated what that means for the political climate."1	"Modern paladares typically employ enthusiastic young servers, often college students or recent graduates attracted by the possibility of making a relative fortune in tips."2	Monday trading volume is expected to be low in Asia because of a public holiday in the U.S.1	"Moneycorp, a British currency firm, says it will turn off its online operation Thursday evening and not bring it back until Friday."2	"More important, pivoting from a path of more open to less open borders will chip away at the margin to Britain’s long-term growth path, which it can ill afford given that productivity growth has recently averaged around zero."2	"More likely, the oil price will eventually find a bottom and, if this cycle is like previous ones, shoot sharply higher because of the level of underinvestment in reserves and natural depletion of existing wells. "1	"More skilled workers have gained disproportionately, but every worker is also a consumer and thus benefits when international competition makes products better and cheaper."1	"Most members of Parliament opposed leaving the union, and might support a prime minister who refused to invoke Article 50."1	"Most of these jobs are high-paying, and the financial services industry accounts for about 11 percent of all tax revenue in the economy."1	"Mr. Cameron had long been grooming Mr. Osborne to succeed him, but that idea disintegrated when the Leave side unexpectedly won the referendum. Mr. Cameron decided to step down rather than deal with the aftermath, and Mr. Johnson and Mr. Gove rushed to fill the vacuum as a team, focusing not on how, but on who, would govern (namely, the two of them)."1	Mr. Cameron has already caused a delay by refusing to invoke Article 50 himself.1	Mr. De Putron also donated thousands of pounds to the Conservative Party _over several years.1	"Mr. Gove’s sudden betrayal of Mr. Johnson also had personal repercussions, and along came Rachel Johnson to explain what they were."1	Mr. Johnson and Mr. Cameron were both educated at Eton.1	"Mr. Johnson calls Mr. Gove (or at least he did, until Mr. Gove betrayed him, too) the Gover."1	"Mr. Johnson, Mr. Cameron and Mr. Osborne all belonged to the upper-crust, drink-until-you-spew Bullingdon Club."1	Ms. Johnson is an impeccably connected columnist for The Mail on Sunday — and Boris Johnson’s sister.1	Ms. Leadsom said she had paid all necessary taxes.1	Ms. Leadsom’s ties to finance have attracted further scrutiny.1	"Ms. May began her career in politics at a grass-roots level, stuffing envelopes at her local Conservative Association before becoming a councilor in a London borough."1	"Ms. May said in the interview she would guarantee EU nationals living in the U.K. the right to stay only if British nationals living in the EU were offered the same rights, taking a difference stance from the other competitors, who have said they would grant EU citizens already living in the U.K. the right to stay."1	"Ms. May, in an interview with the Evening Standard newspaper published Tuesday, said she would insist on preliminary talks with EU officials on the U.K.’s future relationship with the bloc before the U.K. formally triggers Article 50."1	"Ms. May, who quietly backed Prime Minister David Cameron’s failed campaign to remain in the European Union, won half of the votes of the party’s 330 lawmakers in Tuesday’s ballot."2	"Ms. Wang of UBS revised her year-end forecast for the yuan to between 6.6 yuan per dollar and 6.7 yuan a dollar, from her previous projection of 6.8 to the dollar."1	"National projects of unification have involved coercion, civil wars, and the brutal exercise of power."1	"Nevertheless, the underlying fears made such facts unimportant."1	"No, it is not."2	Nomura has slashed its forecast for 2016 growth to 0.8%1	Nor is it clear whether Ms. May will remain the front-runner.1	"Norman Lamb, the Liberal Democrat MP, Richard Reed, a co-founder of Innocent Drinks, and the TV presenter June Sarpong, all of whom were involved in the Britain Stronger in Europe campaign, are supporting the movement."1	Norway agrees to comply with the four freedoms but is allowed some latitude to deviate from some secondary EU priorities.1	"Norwegian financial services firms enjoy passporting rights, but Norway pays into the EU budget and has no seat at the table in forming EU policies."1	"Not far behind was the economy, at 31 percent, but another 11 percent of respondents chose the cost of E.U."1	Not this time.2	"Notwithstanding buoyant US demand for petrol, global demand growth will slow this year owing to falling usage of heating oil (amid a generally milder winter than a year ago), slowing global economic expansion and the diminishing oil intensity of China's economy."1	"Now she unleashed her fury at Mr. Gove, portraying him as a political psychopath, the Brutus to her brother’s Caesar, and at Ms. Vine, whom she compared to Lady Macbeth."1	"Now the world has plenty of gasoline, even amid strong demand. That’s trickling down to the pump: The national average retail gasoline price in the U.S. has fallen for 20 straight days to $2.26 a gallon, according to GasBuddy.com, with more than 20,000 gas stations around the country selling gasoline for less than $2 a gallon."1	"Observers of the referendum should therefore be wary about drawing conclusions about broader globalization efforts, the Western order, the inevitability of the rise of populist anti-immigration parties, or the viability of the EU project overall."1	"Obviously, they were not."1	"Of course, a 0.5-point lead really isn’t much at all."1	"Of his two most likely possible successors in the Conservative Party, Theresa May opposes leaving the union and Boris Johnson, a prime Brexit proponent, is already backpedaling, pledging on Monday that changes will not come in any great rush."1	"Officials at the China Securities Regulatory Commission pledged at their meeting on June 17 to protect the markets over the next two months, the people with knowledge of the gathering said."2	Oil prices bound to rise.2	"Oil prices will rise in 2017, when annual global oil consumption will exceed production for the first time since 2013, leading to stock depletion."2	"Oil prices will stay low for as long as 10 years as chinese economic growth slows and the U.S. shale industry acts as a cap on any rally, according to the world's largest independent oil-trading house."1	"Older voters, the unemployed, and those with a strong sense of English national identity sought to leave."2	"On balance, we expect prices to average US$68/b that year."1	"On Sunday, a poll commissioned by Scotland’s Sunday Post found that 59% of Scots now back leaving the U.K."2	"On the supply side, if tensions erupting between Saudi Arabia and Iran lead to armed conflict or an insurrection, the excess production could quickly disappear."1	"On Thursday, Scotland, Northern Ireland and boroughs in London voted largely to remain in the EU."2	Once-vibrant Hong Kong is teetering on the brink of recession.1	One could certainly argue that the polls were wrong in the sense that they tended to show a slight Remain advantage heading into the vote count.2	One Is the weakening grip on power of Venezuela's hard-left government: the withdrawal of its subsidised oil could cut 8% from Cuba's GDP over four years.1	"One noteworthy example was in 2011, when the U.K. vetoed an EU budget deal that was acceptable to all 27 other members."1	One of the European Union’s biggest flaws is that it sets grand plans in motion — like the euro and the free movement of people — and then fails to come up with adequate responses when those ambitions backfire in some way.1	"One of the last polls before the Brexit vote, by Ipsos MORI, showed that 32 percent of respondents agreed that the number of immigrants coming into Britain was very important in helping them decide how to vote in the referendum."1	"One way of thinking about the division is to see it as cosmopolitan versus parochial thinking, rooted in deeper social and economic trends that create their own cultural dynamics."1	"One way to see if that’s true is to look at immigration, the issue that sat at the heart of the Brexit campaign."2	"OPEC expects U.S. petroleum output to fall by 430,000 barrels a day this year because of low prices, eliminating some key competition."2	"OPEC’s share of world production is expected to rise to 44% by 2025 from 41% now, according to the International Energy Agency, counting both crude oil and a lighter type of crude known as condensates."2	"Our forecast is diverging further and further from the government's growth floor of at least 6.5% a year. This suggests that the government is going to have to revise down its projections quickly for the coming years, or that poicymakers will have to deploy unsustainable level of stimulus. "1	"Over all, Brexit led in just four of the final 11 pre-election surveys — enough to give Remain a 0.5-point lead in the HuffPost Pollster average."1	"Over the weekend, the leader of Scotland’s semiautonomous government, Nicola Sturgeon, said a second independence referendum was very much on the table. Work would begin to ensure the necessary legislation is in place for that vote, she said."1	"Perhaps it was in part because of some combination of all of the previous points, but it might have been a dose of wishful thinking from a pool of relatively affluent globalist gamblers who simply didn’t believe that Brexit could really happen."1	Perhaps the same skepticism of early E.U.2	"Pipeline attacks are likely to continue at their current frequency in at least the short to medium term, and the security situation could deteriorate further if a government crackdown on suspected militants provokes a broader backlash."1	"Please share this article with others using the link below, do not cut & paste the article."1	"Polling averages even showed Leave with a lead for most of the last month; over all, 17 of the 35 surveys conducted in June showed the Leave side with the edge, while just 15 showed Remain ahead."1	"Portugal, Italy, Greece and Spain, meanwhile, are locked into a currency system that is imposed from above and does not reflect their economic needs."2	"Predicts [global inventories] will rise a further 700,000 b/d before supply and demand begin to balance out in 2017."2	Prices would go up if we leave the EU.1	"Prime Minister David Cameron said on Monday that he considered the referendum binding and that the process of implementing the decision in the best possible way must now begin. But he also said he would leave that process to his successor, after his expected resignation in October."1	Questions of federalism in the United States are still being fought today.2	"RBC Capital Markets, a division of Royal Bank of Canada, estimates that China’s needs will continue to grow as it places an additional 65 million to 70 million barrels in its reserves this year."1	Reed said it was vital for the health of democracy that politicians were held accountable for promises over such an important issue.1	referendum joins a pretty long list of election forecasting errors.1	referendum polls was justified as well.1	"Restaurants must run on a mix of both, accepting payment mostly in CUCs but using CUPs for supplies and wages."2	"Richard N. Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations, has already predicted that several countries will leave the European Union within the next five years, which is increasingly becoming the conventional wisdom. Given the low growth of so many countries in the union, it is hard to imagine that a populistic revolt won’t emerge."1	Right now about 1.4 percent of the U.K. workforce is employed in the City.1	Right now London-based firms get all of the amenities of being in London without running into country-specific roadblocks from other EU members.2	"Right now, gas is $1.80 and gas prices are expected to be low for the foreseeable future."2	Saudi officials privately say that they expect the price of oil to rebound late this year or early in 2017 as global output begins to lag behind demand.1	Scotland voted 62% to 38% to stay.2	"Second, without meaningful structural reform in the Chinese economy and financial sector, what's been going on in the past few years will eventually lead to a bubble. A bubble and subsequent bust are not a matter of whether, but when. "1	See our Ts&Cs and Copyright Policy for more detail.1	"She also worked in financial services, including at the Bank of England, before joining Parliament as a lawmaker in 1997."1	She is seen as an independent operator who is loath to make boys’-club-style closed-door deals.1	She rose through the ranks as a member of the opposition party and was appointed home secretary six years ago when Mr. Cameron become prime minister.1	She said at her launch that controls to freedom of movement are needed but that there is no single silver bullet for reducing immigration.1	She said at her leadership launch that she wouldn’t want to invoke Article 50 before the U.K. is clear on its negotiating position.1	"Shortly after, though, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker—who wants the U.K. to remain in the EU—poured cold water on the idea of reopening talks."1	"Since the EU’s founding in 1957, 28 countries have joined and none have left (other than Greenland, a Danish territory, and Algeria, which ceased to be part of the EU upon independence from France)."1	"Since the World Trade Organization’s inception in 1948 (as the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade), 162 countries have joined and none have left."1	"Since then, Britain’s per capita income has grown as fast, or faster, than France’s and Germany’s."1	"So it’s a little surprising that as capitalism creeps in — the introduction of private ownership has created a thriving restaurant scene — people here are discovering, to their dismay, that they need to book reservations to get into their favorite places for dinner."1	"So it’s hard to argue that this was a big polling failure, and it’s a bit strange that the financial markets appear to have been caught completely by surprise."2	"So no, I don't think it's inevitable, as long as China engages in active reform."1	So now we’re learning how to be prepared for these types of people.1	"So regardless of one’s views about bankers, the contribution to the public purse is substantial, and if the City were to shrink the consequences for everyone in the U.K. would be serious."1	"So while The Mail has Ms. Vine (pro-Gove), The Mail on Sunday has Ms. Johnson (pro-Johnson)."1	"Some lawmakers see her as a steady pair of hands, having overseen security, policing and immigration, and praise her attention to detail."1	"Some lawmakers who back Ms. May, one of the longest-serving U.K. home secretaries, say her experience will provide the U.K. with stability as it navigates its future relationship with the EU."1	Some North American and European dining habits are evidently rubbing off on Cuban diners as well: Cellphone-toting food fanatics can download apps like AlaMesaCuba that allow them to look up and rate Havana’s newest restaurants.1	"Some of the shares in the company were transferred to a trust for her children, a move some lawyers pointed to as a way to avoid tax"2	"Some politicians and economists think the IMF and others are right in predicting a severe economic setback for the U.K. following a decision to leave. If that is the case, there will be scant incentive for others to follow suit."2	"Sooner or later, Mr. Ryan is likely to follow suit."1	"Speaking at the IMF headquarters in Washington on Friday,Zhou Xiaochuan, governor of the People’s Bank of China, said China is in talks with the IMF, global central banks and other authorities to safeguard financial market stability."1	"Starting in the 1990s, when the U.K. was deciding whether to abandon the pound in favor of the euro, it has been the policy of successive U.K. governments to make sure that the relationship with Europe supports a robust role for the U.K. financial services industry."1	State-run cafeterias are still notorious for plodding service that consists mostly of glassy-eyed waiters informing diners what isn’t available on the menu.1	Sterling has fallen sharply but gilt yields have rallied and the FTSE 100 has been one of the better performing equity markets in the world.1	"Still, her ascent wasn’t part of the plan."1	"Still, the vote to leave the bloc has galvanized the pro-independence movement."1	Success in the 21st century economy will not be about centralised command-and-control bureaucracies.1	Supporters of the European Union can argue that it has in fact bent to Britain’s demands.1	Swiss financial services do not have full passporting rights.2	"Taylor said there could be an agreement between OPEC and non-OPEC countries like Russia to cut production. 'It's probably slightly against, 60-40 against, but it's a real possibility,' he said."2	"Tentative progress in negotiations between warring factions in Libya, battling for control of oil and export terminals, could unleash another flood."1	"That came on the heels of a meeting at China’s top securities watchdog, where officials emphasized that China’s market turmoil last summer must not be repeated this year, according to people close to the agency."1	That consensus is already fraying in the face of growing protectionism and anti-immigrant sentiment world-wide.2	"That could allow the Federal Reserve to slowly increase interest rates, while keeping them low enough to maintain economic growth."1	That directive will now be put to the test.1	"That is surely sad for them, but it also illustrates the peculiarities of a system whose dysfunction — very different from the American kind — has been caused in part by the extreme incestuousness and myopia of Britain’s governing elite."2	"That means prices could still rise in the short term, even though the long-term outlook remains more subdued."2	That process of leaving the EU would cause an extended period of uncertainty that would freeze business investment2	"That, in turn, could lead to a true catastrophe: Italy would probably be forced to return to the lira, which would most likely be tremendously devalued. An unstable lira would cause huge problems for investors and banks across the globe that have interests in Italy, as well as a massive credit crunch within the country. (By the way, you could replace Italy with Spain or Portugal in this scenario and end up in much the same place.)"1	"That’s because membership in the European Union, which British voters rejected, is founded on four freedoms guaranteed to EU citizens and firms: free movement of goods, of capital and of people, along with the right to offer services and establish businesses anywhere in the union."1	"That’s ridiculous!’ said Amy Torralbas, 31, the owner of Otramanera, a gated ultramodern restaurant that serves a blend of Cuban and Mediterranean cooking."1	"The cabinet agreed we would begin immediate discussions with the EU institutions and other member states to explore all the possible options to protect Scotland’s place in the EU, she said after an emergency cabinet meeting Saturday morning."1	"The answer to the breathless question posed in the New York Times on Sunday—Is the post-1945 order imposed on the world by the United States and its allies unraveling, too?—is simple."1	"The arguments for making Remain a favorite were understandable, but in retrospect, some look more like wishful thinking than a fair-minded assessment of the data:"2	"The article reckoned that Chinese economy is unlikely to see a 'V-shaped' rebound, but is likely to enter an 'L-shaped' trajectory for the coming years. It also warned that a debt-fueled recovery could delay much-needed structural reforms to reduce excess capacity in many industries."2	The Bank’s latest published forecast is that average weekly earnings will increase by 3.75% this year.1	"The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index dropped 1.3% Friday, compared with the 6.8% stock fall in Germany, 8% slide in France and the more than 12% declines in Greece, Spain and Italy."2	"The biggest risk of Brexit is that it is a signpost along a road toward declining international trade, less free movement of capital and a continuing global economic cooling."2	"The boom in Iraqi oil production faces multiple threats, including Islamic State terrorism."2	"The Brexit vote will force the next U.K. prime minister to make a significant choice: Whether to control immigration into the country, or preserve the pre-eminence of the country’s financial center, known as the City of London. Doing both appears to be infeasible."2	"The British decision is expected to hit the U.S. economy in at least three key ways: It will strengthen the dollar, weigh on business confidence and tighten financial conditions."2	"The British decision to leave the EU will also affect investment and trade flows with China, but that impact will take months if not years to play out."1	The British economy was declining relative to France’s and Germany’s until it joined the EU in 1973.1	"The centralisation of all lawmaking for the single market in Brussels has turned it into a lobbyists’ meat market, defending the interests of big business against disruptive innovators."1	"The clever marketing of the Brexit campaign, including the mantras Take Back Control and Breaking Point, spoke to very real senses of exclusion but offered few solutions; the reality is that British political dynamics, more than the EU’s rules, have created the United Kingdom’s social and economic problems."1	The consensus among EU leaders is that the bloc shouldn’t start negotiations until it triggers the mechanism.1	The consensus for greater integration has been remarkably durable to date.1	"The country has a few options for how, during these two windows, it might remain in the European Union."1	The current EU arrangement that the U.K. voters just rejected is arguably better than the one Norway has.1	The current passporting rights are therefore essential to the agglomerationbenefits that make London such an attractive location.1	The deal with Norway and the EU is simple.1	The debate has exposed deep unease in swaths of the U.K. over European free-movement rules that have helped fuel a yearslong surge in immigration1	The divisions between those who can imagine a better life in the new system and those who cannot will likely continue to drive politics in the EU and elsewhere for years to come.2	"The dollar surged last week as investors fled the U.K. and Europe and poured into the relative safety of U.S. assets. Greenback strength will likely persist, especially given worries about the U.K. decision fueling further disintegration of the EU."1	"The doom loop was broken in 2012 by Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, with his vow to do whatever it takes to preserve the euro and the unprecedented ECB intervention that followed."1	"The drive by the U.S. to get European powers to share more information on terrorist networks has involved a key role for the U.K., by far the most capable and well-funded intelligence service in Europe, officials said."1	The drive is now in doubt as EU and British officials will need to begin negotiating over Britain’s access to Europol.1	The economic divide and the social effects of it pushed immigration to the forefront of the debate.2	"The Economist Intelligence Unit maintains its forecast that Brent will average US$40/b in 2016, for several reasons."2	"The Energy Department projects that overall inventories will rise by an additional 700,000 barrels a day in 2016."1	"The EU has only 32 trade agreements in force, mostly with very small countries."1	"The EU is far beyond a simple international organization or trade treaty, since it has accrued significant political authority across a wide range of areas."1	The EU is not a free trade area.1	"The EU will only work if all its citizens can imagine themselves part of a cosmopolitan, thriving democratic polity, one that balances local, national, and EU powers and creates economic opportunity."1	"The EU-Canada trade deal, which is still not in force, was held up for years by a dispute with Greece about the naming rights for feta cheese."1	"The EU, for all its faults, is an innovative new form, a polity in formation."1	"The EU’s bureaucracy has stifled innovation in biotechnology, financial services and technology."1	The euro doom loop is symbolic of everything that is wrong with the EU.2	The euro’s survival is not guaranteed as long as Europe’s economy stays sluggish and unemployment remains at stratospheric levels in some countries. Immigration may rise to unpopular levels in countries other than Britain.1	The fight over Brexit is a reflection of the social exclusion that arises in a world of stark economic inequality.1	"The forecasting error wasn’t confined to bettors, either."2	"The global oil market will remain in deficit in 2018, pushing prices up further. However, we expect the rally to lose steam in the second half of that year, as slower GDP growth in China (and a much lower rate of investment) will take its toll on oil consumption growth in what will then be the world's biggest importer."2	The government's targeted real GDP growth range of 6.5–7% ought to prove achievable in 2016.1	The Goves and the Osbornes take vacations together.1	The great achievement of the single European market would quickly unravel.1	"The growing financial links between China and the world were on full display twice in the past year, when first the stock crash and then a surprise currency devaluation sent shock waves through global markets."2	"The Hong Kong government is keeping its forecast for 1-2% growth in 2016, down from 2.4% growth in 2015."2	"The IEA lifted its 2015 forecast for non-Opec supply growth by 200,000 b/d from last month’s report, with these producers adding 830,000 b/d of additional supplies this year."2	"The IEA said it estimated global oil demand growth of 1.1m b/d this year — up from 700,000 b/d in 2014 — to 93.6m b/d on an improved outlook for industrialised nations."2	"The IEA said the first drop in US crude oil stocks since January last week did not spell the end of inventory builds, pointing to a rising refined product stocks such as petrol and diesel."1	The immediate reaction of financial markets to Britain’s decision to leave the EU has been telling.2	"The impeachment of Dilma Rousseff, Brazil's president, would bring to power people who are more open to trade talks with Europe and the United States, and who are 'very critical of the south-south strategy',"1	"The island’s economy runs on dual currencies: the Cuban convertible peso, or CUC, meant primarily for tourists, and the local peso, or CUP, which Cubans use for most day-to-day transactions."1	The last volley of polls Wednesday gave a mixed verdict—some for Leave but one with an eight-point edge for Remain.1	"The leave campaign attracted criticism for a series of its headline claims before the referendum, notably that Brexit would save the UK £350m a week to spend on the NHS, and that withdrawal from the EU would have no adverse effect on the economy."2	"The most likely avenue by which a hard landing would be reached is a bad-debt crisis in the banking sector, arising from loss-making state-owned property firms. Such a crisis could cause investment to contract sharply, possibly even resulting in a recession."1	"The movement also faces an obstacle in people such as Jordan Grooby, who voted for independence two years ago."1	The murder last Thursday of British Labor member of Parliament Jo Cox caused the campaigns on either side of the referendum to be suspended for a couple of days.2	"The Netherlands is a relatively healthy country, so — as a matter of pure economics — the repercussions of its leaving the European Union would most likely be muted."2	The OPEC players will still struggle to cut production because there are many countries who are looking to get as much hard currencies as they can.1	The opportunities of the global market place are far too large and exciting to be approached through a regional trading bloc run by a command-and-control bureaucracy.2	The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries isn’t likely to take any coordinated action on crude-oil output at its meeting on Thursday.1	The parochial view is tinged with fear about that future and a sense that societal transformation will leave the common voter behind.1	The polls consistently indicated that there was a very real chance that Britain would vote to leave.1	"The Post said the online survey, by research-firm ScotPulse, took place Friday and was sent to a representative sample of 1,600 adults across Scotland."1	The precise question British voters will face tomorrow is: Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union?1	The prophets of UK doom will argue that it was the weakness of sterling that made the difference.2	"The ramifications of the U.K.’s referendum Thursday on European Union membership will spill through Britain’s politics, Europe’s brittle economy and the world’s restive financial markets."1	"The raucous debate over the United Kingdom’s continued membership in the EU was riven with lies and misrepresentations, some of which are now beingexplicitly rolled back by Brexit advocates; even the British pressrues its bombastic support for the Leave side."1	"The reason is a glut of gasoline, a hangover from last winter when unusually warm weather weighed on diesel demand and refiners pumped out more gasoline than usual to compensate."1	The reason trade agreements with the EU take so long is that they have to be agreed and ratified by 28 (now 27) separate member states.1	"The referendum threw the country into turmoil, and no one, including Mr. Gove, had a coherent plan for what to do next."1	The region has already struggled to escape from the legacies of the financial crisis.1	"The Remain side did even better in the very last polls, including a four-point lead in a YouGov poll conducted on Election Day."1	The result has set off a fresh push for independence here.2	The risk of an oil price shock in 2016-20 is low currently.1	"The rulings of the European Court of Justice, for example, supersede national law, and the laws of the EU have transformed everyday life in Europe, even as the Brussels bureaucracy and its fiscal presence remain tiny. "1	The same ethos hampers trade policy.1	"The same story may well play out in the United States and elsewhere, with important electoral effects."2	"The shakeout will be painful, taking an even bigger toll on companies, countries and investors."2	"the shale-oil industry, with its unique cost structure and short business cycle, may undermine longer-term investment in high-cost traditional oilfields."2	"The shalemen, rather than the Saudis, could well become the world's swing producers, adding to volatility, perhaps, but within a relatively narrow range."1	The Shanghai benchmark was down a further 0.5% early Monday.1	The soft underbelly of this economic success is its fragile political legitimacy.2	"The strong backing of Ms. May among Conservative lawmakers is likely to boost her standing among the party’s rank-and-file members, who will decide on the next leader in a late-summer runoff vote."1	"The top four figures in the debate — Mr. Cameron; Mr. Gove; Boris Johnson, the pro-Brexit former mayor of London; and George Osborne, the anti-Brexit chancellor of the Exchequer — all went to Oxford."1	"The top players in both the Tory and Labour Parties tend to go to parties and dinners with the journalists who cover them, and do their best to court the influential owners of their newspapers, too."1	The U.K. has fought continuously to maintain EU rules that were acceptable for London.2	The U.K.’s decision to exit the European Union may rock the overall U.S. economy in coming months. But it isn’t likely to sink it.1	"The United States has not fractured since the Civil War, despite any flaws and abuses of government institutions."1	"The United States, a nation of immigrants, has controls on immigration."2	The world could find itself drowning in oil this year and prices could fall further as new Iranian output cancels out production cuts elsewhere.2	"The worst is yet to come in Hong Kong, say several economists, as key parts of the economy remain weak."1	The yuan is allowed to move up and down 2% of the fix in mainland trading.2	Their rulers must change or risk being cast aside. The old tools of power are weaker: oil will remain cheap for a long time and secret policemen cannot stop dissent in a networked world.1	"Then that alliance, too, fell apart when Mr. Gove abruptly announced that he would run against Mr. Johnson for the party leadership, and Mr. Johnson dropped out."1	"Then there’s the constant struggle of running a food business in a country that lacks capitalist institutions as basic as a wholesale market, and where staples are often in short supply."1	"Then, possibly hedging her bets in case Mr. Gove somehow got into power — a situation that now looks increasingly unlikely — she added another personal note."1	"There are two worlds of people, as analysis of Brexit voting patterns clearly indicated, that are divided in their experiences and their visions of the future. Educational attainment, age, and national identity decisively determined the vote."1	There can be no single market à la carte.2	"There is a school of thought that says a Brexit vote signals a higher probability that Donald Trump becomes president of the U.S., that the right-wing and euroskeptic AFD party in Germany gains greater influence and that Marine Le Pen’s National Front party does the same in France. "1	There isn’t a tremendous amount of evidence to believe that either interpretation is an especially solid rule of thumb.1	"There might be a somewhat more subtle lesson here as well, one that ought to resonate in the United States after the rise of Donald Trump as the presumptive Republican nominee."1	"There was no reason to be surprised by the result, even if people believed that Remain was likelier to prevail."1	"There were plenty of undecided voters, and it was assumed that undecided voters would break toward the status quo."1	"There’s a sense of a gilded circle who have played student-union politics with the country, in the service of their own ambition."2	"There’s no need to panic now, at least not yet. But if, down the line, Italy’s economy were to falter and help from the European Union was not forthcoming without tough conditions — remember Greece and the possibility of Grexit? — we could witness the seceding of Italy, which will be the third-largest member of the consortium after Germany and France "1	"Theresa May, the home secretary and a front-runner in the race to be party leader, is not part of that coterie."1	These arguments hold some water.1	These deals give the non-EU countries access to the single market in exchange for meeting certain conditions.1	These shifts can’t be blamed solely on globalization; they also have much to do with domestic politics and policy decisions.1	They are both lively company and huge fun.1	They are regions already integrated into a new cosmopolitan world.1	They echo important and valid feelings of other populations across the Western democracies.1	They have leaned on the U.K. to have its intelligence services put more of their material on European terror threats into the database.1	They will want to know whether the things they were promised will be delivered.1	"This arrangement, implemented through a series of many bilateral treaties, again requires a contribution by Switzerland to the EU budget and includes the free movement of people, though there is some wiggle room on this front."1	This belief appears to have bolstered support in Britain for leaving the European Union.1	"This can hardly be surprising; if the EU were to cave in to this demand, many other countries would immediately insist on getting their own customized deals."2	"This is happening with Saudi Arabia, which is likely to produce 12 million barrels a day within 18 months to counteract the increasing surge in Iranian production."1	This is largely because governing elites have come to accept the economic rationale for integration.1	This is not only (in the case of agriculture) morally indefensible.1	"This more than doubled to an average of 552,000 from 2000 through the end of 2014."1	"This opens a window of at least four months during which time Britain could decide not to proceed, and avoid consequences from Europe."1	"This right, known as passporting, guarantees a level playing field for U.K. firms, provided that their businesses are in compliance with the relevant EU regulations.1 Without passporting privileges, a business seeking to operate across multiple EU states would have to contact the relevant host country regulators to secure approval to proceed."1	This was not about Little England but an end to Little Europe.1	"This was one of the prevailing interpretations of why the polls were wrong about Scottish independence, but oddly, it’s the opposite of the conventional wisdom in American elections — that undecided voters break toward the challenger."1	"This, too, is off base."1	"Those under 45, and particularly those under 30, embrace it and see it as a natural and positive thing, a backdrop to their changed everyday lives that creates more opportunities than it closes down."1	"Though the two Mails are owned by the same person, their editors are feuding, and they tend to undercut each other and take opposing editorial positions."2	Top finance officials say the damage from the so-called Brexit alone isn’t likely to be enough to nudge the U.S. into a contraction.2	Trade union umbrella body the TUC says leaving the EU would cut average earnings by £38 per week by 2030.1	"Two years ago, Scotland voted to stick with Britain in a closely fought, sometimes bitter referendum on independence."1	"U.S. officials have pushed the importance of Europol, the European police agency that is now headed by a Briton, and its new counterterrorism center."2	UBS Group AG and Deutsche Bank AG this week forecast double-digit losses for European equities in the short term on an out vote.1	UBS Group AG estimates that outflows dropped to about $40 billion a month recently from more than $150 billion a month in December and January.1	"Umunna added: If anger was in part driving some people to vote for us to leave the European Union, if they now find that all the things they were promised would happen in the event that we leave don’t happen, and they find themselves in a worse situation, they’re going to have an expectation that somebody’s held to account for that."1	Umunna said the hope was to expand the organisation and to solicit wider research on both the detail of claims made by specific Brexit-backing politicians and whether these were being breached.1	"Umunna, a former shadow business secretary who stepped down from the Labour frontbench shortly after Jeremy Corbyn became leader, conceded that more of this work could be done by his colleagues."1	"Unfortunately, many British voters appear not to have known exactly what the EU is, validating other recent research demonstrating a lack of factual knowledge about the union."2	"United States production has surged in recent years with the shale boom, while major producers like Saudi Arabia have been pumping at high levels. Since demand is weak, it will take a while to work through the excess"2	"Unlike the credit binge that saved China from sinking during the global financial crisis, the world’s second largest economy this time seems to be relatively impervious to such shots of liquidity."2	Venezuelan production will also increase within a few years after there is a more oil-company friendly government in power.1	"Vote Leave Watch, an unofficial spinoff from the remain campaign, is being led by Labour’s Chuka Umunna, who said the aim was to highlight the actions of pro-leave politicians who might seek to wriggle out of the promises that they made to the electorate."1	"Voters were right that immigration of both EU nationals and non-EU immigrants has risen tremendously, particularly since the financial crisis."1	Was this a classic case of a system not flexible enough to adapt?2	"We expect China's growth rate to slow throughout the forecast period, from 6.5% in 2016 to 4.3% by 2020, as the economy matures, moving away from public investment and towards private consumption."2	We predict China overtakes US in 2021.2	"We probably could expect an interest rate cut in Europe, a sharp depreciation in the value of the British pound, [and] some short-term capital outflows out of the U.K."2	"We think that the government will be forced to accept a lower level of growth from around 2018, and will then focus on a sustainability agenda aimed at lowering levels of debt and boosting productivity."1	"Well-educated, establishment-minded analysts — whether in journalism, finance or betting markets — may have a tendency to discount the willingness of populist, conservative and less educated voters to support candidates and policies that previously seemed unfathomable, even when the polls say it could really happen."1	What does the referendum have to do with London being the top-rated financial services location in the world?2	"What has changed recently are concerns on the demand side of the equation, in particular from China and the US. Chinese growth has driven global oil demand in the last decade and any slowing in that growth rate, even if still growing, means the gap between supply and demand is unlikely to close."1	What is less well known is that the City’s strength depends in part on the U.K.’s membership in the EU.2	"What's most important in this development, if it pans out as described, will be the demise of the oil cartel and a return to real market forces setting the price of crude oil."1	"Whereas other states within the EU have struggled with immigrants from Syria and Iraq, however, the United Kingdom has had a tiny number of asylum claims."1	"While European Union rules say that membership is revoked automatically at the end of that period, Britain could theoretically use that time to negotiate an alternative plan."1	"While Ms. May backed the U.K.’s continued membership in the bloc, she wasn’t a key figure in the campaign and largely stayed out of the debate, and has cast herself as a candidate who can bridge the Brexit divide."1	"While people in this country had many reasons to vote to exit the EU, the leaders of the official Vote Leave campaign were united in their commitment to freedom, democracy, open markets and an enterprise economy."2	"While power outages and rapid inflation haven't crimped the country's crude exports yet, two emerging factors might."2	"While some investors expect the initial shock reaction to be short-lived, others think it could trigger longer-term losses if it emboldens euroskeptic groups across the Continent, or punctures a delicate global recovery."2	"While the magnitude of the market reaction is uncertain, the direction appears clear: If Britain votes to leave, investors will rush to safety and precipitate a steep move in global markets on Friday from risky assets to havens."2	"While the pace of stockbuilding eases in the second half of the year as supply from non-Opec producers falls, unless something changes, the oil market could drown in oversupply."1	"While the strategy calls for the bloc to work with NATO, it also calls for Europe to develop its own strategic autonomy."1	Why didn’t it do so for Britain?2	"With GDP in Russia falling, the government could well face a budgetary crisis within months."2	"With political change in Saudi Arabia and the market rebalancing, look for $50 a barrel by the fall."1	"With that has come a much wider variety of cuisines, from Spanish-style seafood to Japanese sushi, reflecting the desires of a public with an increasingly cosmopolitan palate."2	Within two years the size of our economy - our GDP - would be at least 3% smaller as a result of leaving the EU - and it could be as much as 6% smaller.1	"Yes, she wrote, it is an awesome responsibility that he — we — are now charged with implementing the instructions of 17 million people. But perhaps more urgently, she went on, the whole affair had messed up her social life and upset her and her husband’s political plans."1	Yet another failure in the world of election forecasting.1	"Yet at the same time, betting markets indicated that Remain was a clear favorite."2	Yet by 2020 world oil consumption could be 5.7 million barrels a day higher than this year's 95.6 million. So prices will have to rebound to provide the signal for new investment.1	Yet international treaties like the EU and the WTO are by their nature undemocratic insofar as they compel signatories to bind their own hands for the common good.2	"Yet ironically, reducing dependence on oil cannot be achieved without reliable petroleum revenues. This means Saudi Arabia will seek to capitalize on its position as the world's lowest-cost producer to expand output and enhance the competitive position of its oil in what is destined to become an ever-more-competitive global energy market."1	You can say that again.2	"You have to believe that there is a possibility that you will not necessarily go back above $100, you know, ever, he said."1	Younger voters of all economic backgrounds and those with a university education voted overwhelmingly in favor of Remain.